Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
"My editorial review:The Rudolf DVD game is geared toward kids, but is a good option for the Rudolf-loving family game night.  If you've played Scene-It, the gameplay and DVD usage is very similar.  Most of the questions and games are pretty easy, and they mirror some of the same types of challenges in Scene-It.  The difficulty is reduced for younger kids.  My 7 and 9 year olds had very few problems playing the game on their own once I had played a couple rounds with them.  Most game-related instructions are both spoken and shown on the screen so that players with limited reading skill can still play.  The time per game is pretty accurate at 30-45 minutes.  It is limited to 4 players, though you could have more than four work as teams to answer the minigame challenges.The object is to collect and return the toys which have been scattered across the land.  You roll a die to move your character onto a toy-token, then successfully win the on-screen minigame to collect that token.  Collect 3 tokens of different colors to win.  At the same time, the Bumble (which is controlled by the game) is also trying to steal the toys.  If he steals 6 before any player collects 3, the game is over.  Therefore, the gameplay is a mix of board-based movement and on-screen games and instructions.As an adult, I really appreciate that all the graphics, characters, and scenes are from the original movie.  They did a good job of keeping the look of the game consistent with the original rather than resorting to computer-graphics likeRudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer & the Island of Misfit Toys.  The packaging is nice and everything fits well back into the box.  I would have liked a plastic jewel case for the dvd rather than a cardboard sleeve, though.Overall, the kids like playing it, and it's as enjoyable a flashback for my wife and I to watch and play along or help our kids with some of the answers.  I might not pay the full $20 for it, but at a reasonable discount it would be a good purchase in my mind.Quick assessment:Overall, I think the game is worthy of 3 stars - It's ok.  I like it, and it has potential for a better rating, but there's some gameplay issues.Good points:-All original graphics and scenes (except for the game narrator).-Gameplay suitable for kids on their own-Difficulty applicable to the age range-No reading required for young playersAreas of improvement:-Gameplay speed-Not a lot of strategy or depth-No freeplay or quickplay mode-Instructions not entirely clearDetails behind my opinion and rating:To be 4 stars:The game mechanics need improved.The DVD menu layout should match the game board.  I suspect they rearranged it so that you could easily tell whether to press up/down/left/right on the DVD remote.  To make the screen match the board would mean the regions are in the 4 corners of the screen, meaning you'd need to potentially press in two directions to get to the correct region rather than just one click.  Even so, the screen doesn't have the regions in the same order as the board.The number of toys the Bumble steals should go from 0 at the bottom to 6 at the top.In the voice instructions, it says ""Move the Bumble's counter up"".  It means ""up by one number"", but on the game board the numbers increase as you move the counter down.  Only slightly confusing, but for kids, everything should be more clear to avoid mistakes.Add full audio setup instructions with an option to repeat the last message.When setting up for the first time, neither the DVD nor the instructions have the full setup and gameplay procedure.  It takes a combination of the two to do it right.  Once you've played a couple of times, it's easy to understand, but it's frustrating for the first few rounds.  Additionally, there's no option to repeat the instruction last given, so if you miss it, you're stuck figuring it out on your own.  Once you select an option, there's no ""undo"".  So if you select the wrong region, or accidentally say you've collected 3 toys, the game doesn't give you a chance to correct your mistake.For 5 stars:Speed up the gameplay.The transitions between actions occurring (Bumble moving, Bumble stealing a toy, and Placing/removing tokens) doesn't flow well.  Often the next person is taking their turn either because the pause is long enough you think you're supposed to, or you're just too impatient to wait for the ""Pass the remote to the next player"" message.  Often, you'll get two or three instructions per turn, meaning it really slows down the gameplay.  My kids didn't seem to mind, but I lost interest after about two games because of how slow it was to get from one turn to another.  Even allowing you to fast-forward the individual instructions would help.Fix gameplay irregularities.The game seems to try and keep track of how many tokens are on the board and where they are, as well as how many token the Bumble has stolen, but it doesn't always seem to work right.  We've found that it sometimes tells you to put a token on a spot that's already occupied.  The instructions aren't clear if you put a second one down or if you don't.  Once we were told the Bumble stole a toy, but in that region there wasn't one on the board.  These might have been our error as well, but it adds to confusion on occasion.  All of these can be played around, but I didn't get the feeling that the game was truly polished and error-free.  Also, it could do a better job of randomly assigning where to put the tokens.  The Bumble sometimes moves to a region that he's already sitting in.  By telling you to put him where he already is makes it a bit confusing and at the very least adds extra time to the gameplay for no reason.  Lastly, on at least one occasion, if the DVD thinks there's no token in the the region in which you've landed on one, it won't let you select that region's minigame.  Therefore, that player can't play a minigame without potentially messing up the token count of other regions.Allow a free-play mode.I'd really like to be able to play the minigames without the board.  If you're a fan of the movie, it's still fun to play the minigames even if they are a bit easy for adults.  It would be nice to have a ""free play"" feature.  This could also let you create a ""quick play"" version that allows 4 people to race to collect all 5 misfit toy tokens of their color by answering questions correctly.In the grand scheme, I do like the game but feel it could have been polished up a bit and it would be much better.  I like the game, but the poor setup procedure, occasional errors in gameplay, and how slow the game progresses are what keep me from giving it a 4-star rating.Other observations:-My contents differ from that in the product description:The ""4 Collectible Figurines/ Movers"" are really just cardboard cutouts with plastic stands.  They're nice, thick cardboard, better quality than those found in many kids' games, but definitely not collectible figurines.It mentions 9 Yukon Cornelius tokens and only 11 misfit toy tokens.  I'm not sure what those are.  We had 20 toy tokens, the single Bumble token, and the player markers.  Maybe the description is referring to a different game or an earlier version.  All the pieces are included to play the game, they are just different than what the product description calls out.  Amazon's review is functionally the same as what I received, though slightly different than what the pictures"

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.06260792911052704,0.051667336374521255,0.0735095962882042,0.065465547144413,0.07119353115558624,0.060148436576128006,0.06097882241010666,0.06139017641544342,0.05794716998934746,0.06593681871891022,0.05966486781835556,0.0651615783572197,0.06233154237270355,0.0511014349758625,0.0636635348200798,0.0672316700220108
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
I ordered this game because my two children, aged 7 and 12, love games and they also love Rudolph.The game is basically a combination board game/ dvd game.  The DVD shows some clips from the movie and the game action is in the form of moving your pieces on the board.The kids were excited to try it.  It was simple for them to understand and they seemed to enjoy playing.  However, they only played with it one time.  It's been a few weeks since they got it and they haven't gotten it out again.  This isn't typical of them since they enjoy playing games.  So, I assume that they didn't find it all that enjoyable.If you or your loved one is an avid fan of Rudolph, it might be worth purchasing.  If you are only a passing fan, then you may not get much pleasure from this game.
Each holiday season the Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer stop-motion animated special holds a special place in our household--both for our five-year-old son and his nostalgic parents.The new Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer DVD Games does a good job in turing the enduring TV classic into an interactive experience that really is fun for the whole family.  Considering it comes fromScreenlife, the same folks responsible for the popular Scene It games, it's not surprising that the hybird board game-DVD game formula works as efficiently as it does.Incorporating characters and footage from the original '60s special, the game version adds a new chapter to the Rudolph story--a powerful storm has resulted in scattering the Misfit Toys throughout the North Pole and Santa needs help to collect them all in time for Christmas Eve.  The object of the game is to race around the board and collect them all before the nasty Bumble the Abominable Snow Monster gets to them first.  The first player to collect three different-colored Misfit Toys before Bumble collects any six toys, is the winner.In other words, standard board game m.o., but where things get fun is whenever the roll of the die takes you to a Misfit Toy Token.  Then you use the DVD remote to access one of the nine entertaining mini-games, which can be anything from  picking which character you think will win a sled race; to questions related to movie clips from the original special; to Santa Sing-a-longs where you find out how well you remember the words from those catch original Rudolph tunes.Our five-year-old, who usually doesn't have patience for board games, really enjoys the DVD component--he's at the perfect age for most of the puzzles.Aside from a couple of board/DVD menu layout quibbles mentioned in other reviews, we really enjoy playing this game--and being able spend some quality--as well as thought-provoking--time with Misfit Charlie-in-the-box, Misfit Spotted Elephant and company.
"My editorial review:The Rudolf DVD game is geared toward kids, but is a good option for the Rudolf-loving family game night.  If you've played Scene-It, the gameplay and DVD usage is very similar.  Most of the questions and games are pretty easy, and they mirror some of the same types of challenges in Scene-It.  The difficulty is reduced for younger kids.  My 7 and 9 year olds had very few problems playing the game on their own once I had played a couple rounds with them.  Most game-related instructions are both spoken and shown on the screen so that players with limited reading skill can still play.  The time per game is pretty accurate at 30-45 minutes.  It is limited to 4 players, though you could have more than four work as teams to answer the minigame challenges.The object is to collect and return the toys which have been scattered across the land.  You roll a die to move your character onto a toy-token, then successfully win the on-screen minigame to collect that token.  Collect 3 tokens of different colors to win.  At the same time, the Bumble (which is controlled by the game) is also trying to steal the toys.  If he steals 6 before any player collects 3, the game is over.  Therefore, the gameplay is a mix of board-based movement and on-screen games and instructions.As an adult, I really appreciate that all the graphics, characters, and scenes are from the original movie.  They did a good job of keeping the look of the game consistent with the original rather than resorting to computer-graphics likeRudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer & the Island of Misfit Toys.  The packaging is nice and everything fits well back into the box.  I would have liked a plastic jewel case for the dvd rather than a cardboard sleeve, though.Overall, the kids like playing it, and it's as enjoyable a flashback for my wife and I to watch and play along or help our kids with some of the answers.  I might not pay the full $20 for it, but at a reasonable discount it would be a good purchase in my mind.Quick assessment:Overall, I think the game is worthy of 3 stars - It's ok.  I like it, and it has potential for a better rating, but there's some gameplay issues.Good points:-All original graphics and scenes (except for the game narrator).-Gameplay suitable for kids on their own-Difficulty applicable to the age range-No reading required for young playersAreas of improvement:-Gameplay speed-Not a lot of strategy or depth-No freeplay or quickplay mode-Instructions not entirely clearDetails behind my opinion and rating:To be 4 stars:The game mechanics need improved.The DVD menu layout should match the game board.  I suspect they rearranged it so that you could easily tell whether to press up/down/left/right on the DVD remote.  To make the screen match the board would mean the regions are in the 4 corners of the screen, meaning you'd need to potentially press in two directions to get to the correct region rather than just one click.  Even so, the screen doesn't have the regions in the same order as the board.The number of toys the Bumble steals should go from 0 at the bottom to 6 at the top.In the voice instructions, it says ""Move the Bumble's counter up"".  It means ""up by one number"", but on the game board the numbers increase as you move the counter down.  Only slightly confusing, but for kids, everything should be more clear to avoid mistakes.Add full audio setup instructions with an option to repeat the last message.When setting up for the first time, neither the DVD nor the instructions have the full setup and gameplay procedure.  It takes a combination of the two to do it right.  Once you've played a couple of times, it's easy to understand, but it's frustrating for the first few rounds.  Additionally, there's no option to repeat the instruction last given, so if you miss it, you're stuck figuring it out on your own.  Once you select an option, there's no ""undo"".  So if you select the wrong region, or accidentally say you've collected 3 toys, the game doesn't give you a chance to correct your mistake.For 5 stars:Speed up the gameplay.The transitions between actions occurring (Bumble moving, Bumble stealing a toy, and Placing/removing tokens) doesn't flow well.  Often the next person is taking their turn either because the pause is long enough you think you're supposed to, or you're just too impatient to wait for the ""Pass the remote to the next player"" message.  Often, you'll get two or three instructions per turn, meaning it really slows down the gameplay.  My kids didn't seem to mind, but I lost interest after about two games because of how slow it was to get from one turn to another.  Even allowing you to fast-forward the individual instructions would help.Fix gameplay irregularities.The game seems to try and keep track of how many tokens are on the board and where they are, as well as how many token the Bumble has stolen, but it doesn't always seem to work right.  We've found that it sometimes tells you to put a token on a spot that's already occupied.  The instructions aren't clear if you put a second one down or if you don't.  Once we were told the Bumble stole a toy, but in that region there wasn't one on the board.  These might have been our error as well, but it adds to confusion on occasion.  All of these can be played around, but I didn't get the feeling that the game was truly polished and error-free.  Also, it could do a better job of randomly assigning where to put the tokens.  The Bumble sometimes moves to a region that he's already sitting in.  By telling you to put him where he already is makes it a bit confusing and at the very least adds extra time to the gameplay for no reason.  Lastly, on at least one occasion, if the DVD thinks there's no token in the the region in which you've landed on one, it won't let you select that region's minigame.  Therefore, that player can't play a minigame without potentially messing up the token count of other regions.Allow a free-play mode.I'd really like to be able to play the minigames without the board.  If you're a fan of the movie, it's still fun to play the minigames even if they are a bit easy for adults.  It would be nice to have a ""free play"" feature.  This could also let you create a ""quick play"" version that allows 4 people to race to collect all 5 misfit toy tokens of their color by answering questions correctly.In the grand scheme, I do like the game but feel it could have been polished up a bit and it would be much better.  I like the game, but the poor setup procedure, occasional errors in gameplay, and how slow the game progresses are what keep me from giving it a 4-star rating.Other observations:-My contents differ from that in the product description:The ""4 Collectible Figurines/ Movers"" are really just cardboard cutouts with plastic stands.  They're nice, thick cardboard, better quality than those found in many kids' games, but definitely not collectible figurines.It mentions 9 Yukon Cornelius tokens and only 11 misfit toy tokens.  I'm not sure what those are.  We had 20 toy tokens, the single Bumble token, and the player markers.  Maybe the description is referring to a different game or an earlier version.  All the pieces are included to play the game, they are just different than what the product description calls out.  Amazon's review is functionally the same as what I received, though slightly different than what the pictures"
"DVD games are a real mixed bunch. Sometimes they are good, sometimes they are bad. But when they are bad, they tend to be horrible. My kids really enjoy the little mini-games the come as extras on some movie DVDs, so I thought I would give this game a shot. While it is not the worst game I've ever played, it ranks pretty close.The pacing of this game is just too slow. I got bored, my kids got bored, and in the end we just pushed on to say that we finished. I don't think we even got excited about a winner. Don't get me wrong, I think that if the family sat down to do this as a Christmas chat type activity, it would be better. We just sat down to play it (we were too busy to play during the holidays) and there just wasn't any magic. I think that a game should be fun no matter when you play it, so I am not taking the ""Christmas Magic"" into account in my rating.Overall: If you need a family activity for Christmas time, you could do worse than this. Just do not think that this is a game that you will get out often (or even every Christmas). As with most DVD games, replay value is very limited."
My four year old nephew and I played this Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer game on a chilly and gloomy Saturday afternoon. In order to win the game, you (as Clarice, Rudolph, Santa, or Hermie) have to rescue the misfit toys before Bumble can get to them. The DVD gives you challenges that you have to win in order to get that misfit toy. The mini-games on the DVD include a memory matching game, finishing a song lyric, and a guessing whose voice it is on a sound clip from the movie, along with some other games.My nephew liked the game for about 10 minutes but then got bored and started to make the characters talk to each other. Older children might like this game and play it all the way through a bit better. As for me, I kind of liked the DVD mini-games that we play in order to get the misfit toys the best. It's a great idea for those who have grown up watching Rudolph on TV every year. So it isn't the best game out there but I'm sure that kids 5 and older would find great enjoyment from it.
"I think I am close to the perfect target audience for this game.  I have young children, we like to play games together, and we also enjoy watching our Christmas Classics DVD with the highlight being Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer.  Sure, they are a tad young to be able to play (that why I say close) but they usually just play on my or my wife's team.  So when we received this game, we were excited to share another fun family experience.Unfortunately that not how it turned out.  The game is an odd mix of neat nostalgia, bad design choices, and bland gameplay.  Here are the pros and cons as I see them.Pros:* Nostalgia factor.  Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer is about as good as it gets in terms of Christmas nostalgia and tradition for many.* Simple gameplay.  the game isn't really that complicated so almost anyone can pick up and play it.* Sturdy packaging.  The box should be able to withstand some ""cabinet crush"", that is what happens when you stack all those board games on top of each other.Cons:* Weird mix of over-communication and under-communication.  Many times when playing the game, we were left wondering what to do and yet the game is constantly telling you what to do.  Stuff like, is it my turn, when do I roll the dice, etc, and yet after every turn the game say to pass the remote, do this and do that over and over.* Cheap feeling.  I understand using card board for the misfit toys but not using platic or die cast piece for the player tokens, bumble and bumble counter smacks of cost costing.* Confusing board.  Is the north pole one giant x shaped space or four individual spaces?  Where are the demarcation points for each zone?  Things like this take away from the simple gameplay.Debatable:* Like my experience with Disney Scene-it (which is much more fun by the way), games are generally very short with a round lasting around 15 minutes.* Mini-games, which need to be won to earn a misfit toy, lean to the easy side with at least one based on sheer luck.In the end, a game is supopsed to be fun and in this case I am sad to report that my family just didn't have that much of it with this one.  Not a terrible package, but with a few deisgn tweaks it could have been competent.  In my opinion this game would only rate a two but with the benefit of such a great license it earns another star."
"This game is pretty fun for young children, in fact we did play it three times when we first opened it. However, it can be very hard to win the key is to get a high roll. If you ae unlucky like I was to roll low number you are out of luck a lot on this game. It is also hard to move all the way over to the other side of the board so that you can try the other ""mini games"" there were a couple that seemed really fun but I never got to try them because my piece started way over on one side and they were on the other. I like the concept and who doesn't love Rudolph but I really think they could have made it a much more fun game."
My kids  10 & 13 love that this is true to the story. My grandkids ages 3,5,& 6 also love to play along with us.  If you love rudolph then this is a collector item you will want.
This is a pretty fun Christmas game to play.  If you have played a SCENE IT game before, you'll already know what to expect.  I'd recommend it.
The Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer DVD game was a bit tricky to understand at first but once underway it made for a great evening of family fun.  My 6 year old son was excited when he saw the box and after a bit of setting up and explanation we were able to get into the game.  The game essentially has you rolling dice and moving around a game board.  In order to collect tokens you need to answer questions on the DVD.  Most of the questions are geared for young children so there is more fun than critical thinking involved but enough difficulty to keep adults interested.  The game play is approximately 30 minutes.  For the price this is a great game that that young kids will really enjoy.Positive Points Include:- Easy to understand and play (after the initial setup)- The questions are a nice mix of easy to understand and fun- Game time is just right where it is short enough to be fun but not too long where it becomes boringNegative Points Include:- Kids need some parental assistance with the DVD and setup- Not a lot of replay value after a few sessions- DVD instructions are sometimes not in tune with what is happening on the game board
"If you're a fan of the classic Rankin/Bass TV special, RUDOLPH THE RED NOSED REINDEER, first of all you should have the ""making of"" book by eminent R/B specialist Rick Goldschmidt as well as the soundtrack album on CD. You'll also enjoy this interactive DVD/board game version though you won't be able to impress anyone with your detailed knowledge of the longest running holiday TV special in history.However, don't let that stop you. The folks who made SCENE IT came up with a colorful, nicely paced game that can be played by young children and adults with no one getting frustrated or bored. And the DVD is not an ancillary part of the game -- you really need it to play along.The narrator, a well-chosen, grandfatherly type who could very well have been in the original cast (though of course he was not), guides you warmly through the proceedings. The story is that the Misfit Toys have scattered and the players must rescue them before Bumbles the Abominable Snowman captures them. The DVD tells you where to place the toys and Bumbles and you choose to be Rudolph, Hermie, Clarice, or Yukon Cornelius.Every time you attempt to rescue a toy, the DVD has a game for you to play, from watching a clip from the film and recalling a detail to guessing which character will win a race. Some are pure chance and others require observational skills.It may be my DVD player, but there was a bit of inconsistency in the time allowed to answer the challenges. Also, it's not clear where to keep the Misfit Toys -- on the image in the game board or off the board -- because the narration contradicts it. When you are standing on a space that the DVD suddenly assigns a toy, do you get to rescue it on your next turn or do you have to leave the space and return later? We decided that since there is no minimum number of spaces to move regardless of the roll of the die, you could stay there and help the toy.The overall design of the game board is lovely and the DVD cleverly manipulates images and audio from the film for various purposes. My only quibble is that there should have been credit given to Arthur Rankin, Jr. and Jules Bass, since the classic film is their landmark production. I don't care whether it was determined by marketing people that it doesn't matter -- it does, to more people that you think. It might have been nice to offer special thanks to the voice cast and also Anthony Peters, whose art direction graces all of the Rudolph merchandise. Just a nod would be an act of courtesy and respect to great artistry and talent.My son loves the game by the way and wants to make it a holiday tradition."
This game works for us sometimes.......and sometimes not.The premise for the game is cute.  We love this movie and watch it several times each Christmas, so when I was offered to try out this game, I jumped at the opportunity. Unfortunately, the game didn't always quite work out the way I was hoping it would. The questions were appropriate for my 5 year old and she always gets excited when she answers one correctly.....but she is an extremely sensitive child.  The way this game works, Bumble has an opportunity to steal presents and once he successfully steals 6 presents, *HE* wins the game. This REALLY upsets my daughter. She doesn't mind losing a game to her mommy or her daddy.....or one of her stuffed animals, as they often play with us.....but she has a serious problem losing to a &#34;bad guy&#34; like Bumble.Overall, this game is kind of cute, but we don't get all that excited about it. It's one of those take-it-or-leave-it kind of games, i.e. if the weather is bad and there is absolutely nothing else to do, we'll drag this game out. But we usually pick just about any other activity (over this game) if given the choice.
My kids (ages 3 and 5) love the Rudolph DVD Game.  It works in much of the same way as a regular Scene It Game but it is simplified so that even my 3 year old can get the answers right.  My kid's have watched Rudolph a few times but you don't need to know the movie to play this game (although it makes it fun to know the character's names).  We did not play with the game board because I found it too confusing for younger children.  We just played with the DVD and did not keep score.  The DVD would show a scene and then ask a question related to the scene.  An adult really needs to supervise for younger children who aren't familiar with the DVD remote control.  My kid's really enjoyed it.  The only problem I had was with the game board which was divided into 4 sections - my kid's couldn't really get the concept of it and I found it a little difficult to understand myself.  Overall, a fun game.
"This game is definitely for the kids. When we played along with the kids, we didn't think the game was all that great, but the kids absolutely loved it. They were really excited to play it, and got really into the game especially when ""Bumble"" was on the move.-- Fun for all Ages? --We played it with a 3 1/2 year-old and a 6 year-old. They both loved it. And have played it many times. We have to play a long because they don't know how to operate the remote to the DVD player correctly.Some kid games are lots of fun for adults to play as well; that's not quite the case with this game. A few of the very repetitive phrases are irritating once you've played it for a while.-- Technical Problems with the Game --There were also some quirks in the game. Once we tried to select the Reindeer Games item on the screen and it just wouldn't work! Another time, the game got stuck and we couldn't do anything and had to start over. We've had the problems on two different DVD players.Once we selected the right answer from the screen and it said we got it wrong. It also counted incorrectly the number of toys that Bumble had collected.Those problems were pretty frustrating.-- Overall Assessment --Overall, the game is for kids, and since the kids love it, that's a pretty good sign for the game. I wish as we as adults played along that it were a little more fun and that the technical problems weren't there, but again, it's a game for kids, and they like it a lot."
Rather than stealing Rudolph's family, in this game, Bumble decides to steal the misfit toys. It's up to players to rescue the toys before Bumble gets six of them. Going around the physical game board, when a player lands on a toy in one of four different sections, s/he gets to play one of nine different mini games on the included DVD, randomly chosen. If successful, that player wins one of the misfit toy tokens (needing to eventually win three out of four different colors). The games are a mix of extremely easy to slightly challenging. This helps add to the ability for children through adults to play. One (Sled Race) requires a guess, so that all ages have an equal chance to win it. However, anyone who has watched the film many times will find four of the games easier to play than those who haven't, and adults will generally have an advantage over younger players. The games include identifying the voice of a main character, making a correct match (a memory game), and guessing which box Charlie is in after it has been shuffled about. The mini games are entertaining enough that it would be nice to be able to access them alone on the DVD, without having to play the board game, or be able to choose which ones to play--but you can't.As players proceed around the meandering board in any direction, the DVD keeps track of Bumble's whereabouts. Once he's in a specific one of the four regions, he's going to eventually steal a toy from it. The DVD keeps track of Bumble's toy robberies, but even if Bumble wins the game, the DVD shows a clip from the movie that says he is reformed, so there's no unhappy ending.Overall the game is fun, but there are some things users may not like as much as others. The most obvious is that the main story has been altered, and it doesn't fit in with the movie's plot. The process of gameplay is a bit unnerving at times. For example, a player might be told to put a toy token in a specific region, only to be asked to remove it in the same turn. There is a lot of set-up and maneuvering of game tokens in between most turns. The narrator's voice is a little irritating and his instructions and the animations can seem repetitive. The biggest drawback of the game and DVD combo, however, is that the layouts don't coincide with one another. The layout of the DVD menu shows the regions in this order: Great North Mountains, Elf Toy Shoppe, Reindeer Games Playground, Santa's Castle. The board shows them in this order: Santa's Castle, Great North Mountains, Reindeer Games Playground, Elf Toy Shoppe. This makes play a bit awkward as players attempt to find the corresponding space to select on the DVD menu.Despite a few little drawbacks, the board/DVD game is still fun. We plan to play it each Christmas season.
One of our Family's Favorite Holiday Traditions, besides the great get-togethers for family, food and gifts is watching many of the darling animated Christmas Shows every Christmas Season. We love them all, to name a few- A Charlie Brown Christmas, A Year Without A Santa Claus, Santa Claus Is Comin' To Town, Jack Frost, Frosty The Snowman, Nestor The Long Eared Donkey and especially Rudolph The Red Nosed Reindeer. When I saw this new Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer dvd game, based on one of our favorite animated Holiday television shows- I just had to try it out! Our family has spent many Christmas' playing a game of Monopoly, checkers or cards later in the evening just for family fun after all the talking, eating, watching Christmas Shows and opening gifts. This Christmas game will be nice for the younger children!This Rudolph The Red Nosed Reindeer Dvd Game is actually a board game with dvd interaction. You can play with 4 players-Rudolph, Hermey, Clarice and Santa Claus or with more people- in pairs. You are actually playing against the other opponents to collect 3 of the Misfit Toys First to win the game, but also to get 3 toys first before the Abominable Snowman Bumble finds 6 of them. You roll a die and walk around the board where the dvd tells you exactly where to scatter toys. When you land on a toy, you get to play a mini game. If you are successful in winning the  mini game, you get a toy. It looks and sounds easy until you start playing the game! Several of the adults in our household played the game to try it out and some of these mini games are quite challenging!The 9 different mini games seem to have quite a few different ones and the categories are: Movie Clips-where you view part of the film and answer a question; Sled Race-where you try and pick the winner of the sled race; Concentration-match a pair after viewing several pairs of characters in a grid- reminds me of the old Memory Game; Charlie-In-The-Box-Charlie gets shuffled and if your eyes can follow the box he's in, you have to guess when asked (reminds me of the old Shell Game); Santa's Sing Along- guess the words from the film's songs; Toy Sorting-guess which box of toys contains the most from the group on the shelf; Present Pop-Up- Watch the toys pop out of the boxes, then see if you can answer a question about what you saw; Bumble's Cave-you have to guess the voice of the person who's hiding inside the cave; and Santa's Memory-guess a detail from the film.  The game takes about 30 to 45 minutes to complete and the dvd keeps track of Bumble's every move and found toys. When our 4 adults had a hard time guessing the winners of the race and not being able to remember where the matches are in the Concentration Game, we knew this is a game that the entire family will enjoy.This is an absolutely darling holiday game that the children will have fun playing and I'm going to make it even more exciting, by having little gifts filled with inexpensive little candies or items for the winners!
