Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
"This toy is plenty entertaining for a short while.  It is great fun to make the art, and the paint colors are bright and contemporary (neon green, yellow, coral, blue, and purple).  The spinner is seemingly durable, powered by one C-cell battery (which is not included).But, consider --The bottles of ink are teeny-weeny -- .6 fl oz each -- about the size of a small hotel shampoo bottle.  The jars of glitter are even tinier.  Although the kit contains glitter, there is no glue to apply it.  The glitter seems like a bit of an afterthought.  And for some reason, even though there are five colors of paint, spinner device contains only three holes to hold the paint.The cards to paint on are tiny as well -- there are ten cards that are about 4""x 4"" each, and another ten cards that are about 3"" x 3"".  Half are black and half are white.  You may be able to make  ""beautiful art"" (says so right on the box) but at 3"" x 3"", it's hard to make much of a statement.The kit contains a clear plastic ""splash guard"" That is labeled in tiny font as such, along with a ""do not discard"" warning.  If you happened to overlook the label, you would likely discard the splash guard, as it is indistinguishable from much packaging.I have a similar spin-art painter from Crayola, the color spinner -- hard to say which one of these two items would be preferable.  This Alex spinner is battery-operated, the Crayola one is not.  This Alex spinner definitely has cooler paint colors.  The Crayola spinner has circular pieces of cardboard to paint on.  They are much larger and the shape is more interesting.  Either kit would be fun for kids.  Once or twice.This would be a fun toy to play with once or twice, but I wouldn't expect it to be something you will return to again and again.  And if you purchase it, don't forget to get a C-cell battery."

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.19970448315143585,0.20576250553131104,0.1936860829591751,0.20460917055606842,0.19623778760433197
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
"(I received this item as a gift in exchange for an honest review)I chose this for my children as a craft project to do at home.  I am always aware with things like this that I should do it FIRST, before they get all excited about it, just in case it doesn't work as shown.It works fine, but I wouldn't necessarily say it's ""over the top"" great.  My main issue is the weight of the main unit.  If you make things cheaply, then when you ask kids to use it you aren't always going to have a very satisfied kid.  It's frustrating for the unit to be moving around so much.I would definitely recommend covering up your table while doing this, or better yet, doing it in summer outside."
"This toy is plenty entertaining for a short while.  It is great fun to make the art, and the paint colors are bright and contemporary (neon green, yellow, coral, blue, and purple).  The spinner is seemingly durable, powered by one C-cell battery (which is not included).But, consider --The bottles of ink are teeny-weeny -- .6 fl oz each -- about the size of a small hotel shampoo bottle.  The jars of glitter are even tinier.  Although the kit contains glitter, there is no glue to apply it.  The glitter seems like a bit of an afterthought.  And for some reason, even though there are five colors of paint, spinner device contains only three holes to hold the paint.The cards to paint on are tiny as well -- there are ten cards that are about 4""x 4"" each, and another ten cards that are about 3"" x 3"".  Half are black and half are white.  You may be able to make  ""beautiful art"" (says so right on the box) but at 3"" x 3"", it's hard to make much of a statement.The kit contains a clear plastic ""splash guard"" That is labeled in tiny font as such, along with a ""do not discard"" warning.  If you happened to overlook the label, you would likely discard the splash guard, as it is indistinguishable from much packaging.I have a similar spin-art painter from Crayola, the color spinner -- hard to say which one of these two items would be preferable.  This Alex spinner is battery-operated, the Crayola one is not.  This Alex spinner definitely has cooler paint colors.  The Crayola spinner has circular pieces of cardboard to paint on.  They are much larger and the shape is more interesting.  Either kit would be fun for kids.  Once or twice.This would be a fun toy to play with once or twice, but I wouldn't expect it to be something you will return to again and again.  And if you purchase it, don't forget to get a C-cell battery."
"We received this toy tonight and my youngest daughter (5 years old) used all the paint making some really cool spin art for me.  Overall, I think it is a wonderful activity for children that was surprisingly NOT messy.  Of course, the ""splash guard""  that is included looks A LOT like trash (luckily they have a small sticker that tells you it is the splash guard and not to be thrown away).It takes one ""C"" battery which we had on hand (luckily) and we were good to go.  My daughter had a blast and once I showed her where to place the corners she had no problem doing it all on her own.  The paper is like (black and white)card stock and even though it curls a bit at first after getting painted but eventually it lays down flat. We used both colors but only the white color works nicely.  The black doesn't show the colors good and after the paint dries you can't hardly see it so do yourself a favor and use the white side.  The only other problem I see is that the glitter tubes should have a shaker end since younger kids have real problems shaking anything out of an open tube.I have a feeling we will be going get more paint (and paper) really soon because it was a hit with my daughters and we taped their art work to the computer cabinet."
"Nice basic art spinner.  I almost threw out the ""splash guard.""  It was so flimsy, one could even compare it to the type of plastic that is around the mouth of some mayo/dressing-type mason jars. I was grateful to see the label, which reads:""Splash guard, do not discard"" just as I was about to throw away (had a rip from opening the box).The box states that 5 colors of paint are included. These colors are: blue, pink, yellow, green and purple.It is a bummer that this paint isn't washable.  It would have been nice to just leave my responsible daughter in the kitchen, playing happily. However, we did not want to take the chance without throwaway clothes. She managed to keep her clothes clean, but accidentally touched the couch before thoroughly washing her hands-ugh!I appreciated that this machine was simple to use with no problems adding my own paint, glitter (needed more) and card stock (cut w/ a guillotine paper cutter).This is very lightweight product, so it can be easily broken by misuse/heavy hands.  The upside of this fact: This only takes 1 ""C"" battery. The light weight of the product does not seem to affect functionality.  It does what it says it will do-no problems here.I LOVE that the center ""spinner"" easily pops out to clean the base.  I used a damp paper towel to just wipe off the paint.  Unfortunately, the paint didn't readily come off the actual spinner the same way. Oh, well.Regardless, my daughter and I had fun making memories..."
I actually got this because my 4yo niece loves any arts and crafts. She had one in the past that had stopped spinning so this is a replacement. It is fun and easy to use and set up. I just hope this one lasts a little longer than a year because she loved it so much. The first one she had she used only about 10 times before it broke.
