Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
This is really a great family game.  I know it's a good one when my kids choose this over Wii. :)We've played it with ages 5-80, and all have enjoyed it.When you first get the game, you need to assemble the penguins which is a little bit of a pain, but my kids enjoyed doing it.  (9 and 7 year old.)  Other than that, not really much set up.  You each get 12 penguins (and there's a spare penguin as well) and you take turns balancing the penguins on the ice.  You can turn the ice if you need to, but any penguins that fall go into your pile.We've found that for beginning and younger kids, it's easier to each have 6 penguins to start with.  You can then add penguins as they get more talented.it can also be played alone which is nice.No batteries.  No noise. :)

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.03807394951581955,0.03225652873516083,0.02198036015033722,0.03580709546804428,0.028563911095261574,0.022796284407377243,0.038221899420022964,0.028954006731510162,0.02392716333270073,0.020946692675352097,0.026289664208889008,0.033602628856897354,0.03417766094207764,0.02961139939725399,0.025510763749480247,0.040835727006196976,0.017960714176297188,0.037989888340234756,0.02146563120186329,0.02660375088453293,0.042495906352996826,0.02814173884689808,0.020854199305176735,0.02625446952879429,0.027035266160964966,0.028727639466524124,0.03466682881116867,0.020974257960915565,0.02041647583246231,0.02284063771367073,0.025203123688697815,0.0286040510982275,0.02246270701289177,0.021215811371803284,0.02567151002585888,0.01885966956615448
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
"This is a basic strategy game for youngsters.  The object is simple: get rid of your penguins.  You do so by placing them on the unstable iceberg and hoping that other players cause them to fall when placing their penguins.  Simple enough.The penguins are not assembled.  However, snapping them together as a family was fun for everyone.  It isn't too hard to do, and children can do it with a bit of guidance.The overall quality is fair.  The plastic isn't ""Tonka tough,"" but this also isn't a game where the pieces are going to experience any undue stress under normal game play conditions.  It's plenty adequate for what it is.  The penguins fit together pretty well if you're careful about how you assemble them.In all, this is a great rainy day game for kids.  Our kindergartner and our fifth grader both like it."
This is kind of fun even for adults to try to balance the penguins on the ice.  It tips pretty easily.  The box suggests 5 and up.  My youngest, who just turned 4, can sometimes place the penguins and my 6-year-old thought it was still somewhat challenging.  5 might be right depending on how much patience the kid has.  Someone wins by being the first to place all his or her penguins on the ice.  For us though, the game felt unfinished with penguins left over so we've sometimes played it as a more cooperative game.  That works for the little ones.
First I put all the penquins together, which I thought should have been assembled at the factory.  Most of them went together fine, but a couple were little stinkers. Thanksgiving Day I brought this out with several other games and several people tried it. The kids thought it was fun.  The first few penquins are easy to get on, and it's not until you get towards the end that the real balancing fun begins.  The iceberg gets rather crowded when all the penquins are on it.  One of the nice things about this game is that you can play by yourself.  Also, it helps develop fine motor skills and eye/hand coordination.I ordered this because we always have so much fun withDon't Break the Ice, which we've had for years.  However, other than the ice, there is absolutely no similarity between the two.  I think the kids still prefer Don't Break The Ice.
When this game first arrived, I looked on the box to see if batteries were included, or if I needed to round some up before opening it. When I couldn't find anything about batteries, I went ahead and opened it. I was really surprised for several reasons!First of all, this game requires no batteries at all. That's mostly a positive for me. Batteries are expensive! For some reason, I was expecting this game to shake to knock the penguins off. Turns out, it simply a game of strategy. Your little one just has to learn where to place the penguins in order for them not to fall. My oldest is 4, but he's delayed educationally. He doesn't really use it for its intended purpose just yet. He mostly just plays with the penguins around the ice. He seems to get frustrated when they keep falling off.Secondly, I was surprised at how un-durable the ice part of this game SEEMS. I'm not taking any points off right now, because we haven't had any accidents with it yet. It's made of what seems like really cheap plastic, and I do fear it won't last too long around here.My third surprise was that the penguins come in 3 separate pieces that you have to put together. I didn't get WHY! It's easy to tell that this isn't meant for children to put together, because some of the pieces were hard to pop into place. Most went together relatively easily, though. I'm guessing that this is purely for manufacturing ease. (?)My oldest really does enjoy playing with the penguins and ice, though! There is educational value in learning about different climates. This is a great game for using after reading about cold climates and penguins. The penguins are also great for counting. At the time of my post, it's $16.99, which is a bit expensive(in my opinion) for what it is.
I am a big fan of Ravensburger games.  I got a 4-1 board game last year and we play it often.  I especially liked that you could adjust the skill level while still playing the same game and not having to buy more.  While not intended to I think you can do that with this game as well.I was a bit disappointed that there was some assembly required, but after the first time this is a quick game to get started.  I don't know about you but when my little one is in the mood to play a game she doesn't like it if we have a lot of setup to do before we can start to play.My six year old niece loved this game at first because it was fun to watch the penguins fall off, but after that happened several times she started to get frustrated that she couldn't get them to stay on.  At some points it seemed like the game would never end.  It's a good way to teach the concept of strategy and balance.  But like some other reviewers we sometimes took the iceburg off the base and placed it on a flat surface so that we could get the hang of it and build confidence without the frustration then build up to using it as intended...that's where the skill level can increase.  I actually think that you can play the game with younger children if you take it off the base.  It is harder than what it looks, but it's also a lot of fun.  I think this is another Ravensburger winner!This is the set I bought first that we still play with and I also recommend especially if you have younger children that you want to start to teach how to play games fairly.4 First Games Children's Game
I'm not a fan of Candyland or any sort of mindless chance game, which makes this one more appealing right away.  It's a dexterity game, where you take turns putting the penguins on the iceberg and trying to keep them from falling.  It is pretty amusing when they all fall off and my husband and I enjoyed a few games without the kids.  The penguins look a little bizarre (and it's really not hard to make penguins look cute!), but otherwise the components are great and even young children can play by themselves.  Very well done!
"This game is pretty much all about fine motor control with a side of patience.  The object of the game is, simple enough, to get all your penguins to balance on the ""ice"" floe, which wobbles on its stand and consists of slippery, sloped surfaces barely big enough for the penguins to stand on.  If your penguin falls while you are trying to place it, or if other penguins fall during your turn, you have to take your own and all fallen penguins back into your pile.  The first person to place all of his/her penguins loses (so the game is not over when you knock over the penguins).I found this game difficult to play with different ages.  As an adult, I have a steady enough hand to place the penguins, and a good sense of when they're stable before removing my hand.  My six-year-old daughter has a pretty steady hand, but she's not patient enough to make sure the penguin is stable before taking her hand off.  My four-year-old didn't have the coordination to even get the penguin onto the ice without knocking everything over.  So inevitably, I won while my daughters built up rather large colonies.  Eventually, my four-year-old simply took the ice floe off its stand and placed it flat on the table.  Surprisingly, it's still rather hard to get the penguins to stand on the slippery sloped surfaces.  It was interesting to watch her play by herself and try to figure out a strategy.  Eventually she figured out that if she placed them close together to begin with and moved around the ice floe, then she was less likely to knock them over trying to insert one into an open space in the middle of a group.The game indicates that ""playing time"" is 20 minutes.  I highly doubt you'll have a single game go anywhere near that long.  If anything, 20 minutes is about how long your kids will want to play the game in any one sitting.Interestingly, the penguins come unassembled.  I'm not sure the reasoning for this.  It did give my kids a little added playing time, as they enjoyed snapping the pieces together.  Some of them, however, didn't fit quite right and were hard to snap tightly, so they fell apart.  For the most part, however, once they're together, they stay together, so assembly is a one-time thing.Overall this game is a decent way to develop good fine-motor coordination and patience, but it's not a terribly deep or involving game.  There is some strategy to how and where to place the penguins, but mostly it's just a quick, pretty fun game to occupy younger children for a fairly short amount of time.  I'm glad I got this game free through the Amazon Vine program - I'm not sure I'd spend money on it."
"My 12-year-old daughter is NUTS about penguins, so I was delighted to find this game for her.  Even though she's way above the minimum recommended age, I just had a feeling she'd like it.  As it turned out, it's a lot of fun for all ages.The penguins come in three parts and have to be snapped together.  I didn't mind this, but most of them didn't fit together that well, leaving a gap on top of the head.  But more disturbing is their blank, all-white eyes.  My daughter commented that they looked ""kind of creepy,"" and though I didn't say anything, I thought, yeah, they look like zombie penguins!  So I took a black Sharpie and drew a little dot on each eye.  That really gave them personality!  Then they were quite cute (even with the gaps on top of their heads).The principle of placing the penguins on the iceberg is very simple, but once the iceberg gets to tipping a bit, things get tricky.  I found myself challenged, but in a fun way.  Then my 16-year-old son got in on the action, and he enjoyed playing, too.  And the game goes a lot quicker with more than two people playing.  Plus it's less frustrating because each person has fewer penguins to place.When playing with young children, I would recommend giving them fewer penguins than older players to make things fair and to give them a shot at winning.  For VERY young children, you might even take the iceberg off the stand so that it doesn't tip.  It will still be a challenge for them.Additionally, the game can be used for solitary play.  It's fun to see how many penguins you can stack on by yourself.  And the penguins are just fun to play with.  We had them lining up and dancing.  I can imagine that my daughter will play with this a lot, and we clearly won't have any trouble talking my son into playing, too.I think this is an excellent game that is GREAT for teaching good eye-hand coordination.  My only complaints would be that the pieces should be manufactured to tighter tolerances (especially for this price) and they need to have better eyes.  But neither issue is a deal-breaker.  I'm really glad we got this."
"Penguin Pile-Up can be best described as different take on the old ""Don't Spill the Beans"" formula.  You essentially pile things onto a balanced platform and the one who knocks them over loses.The beauty of this formula is you can play in a couple different ways, first to place all penguins, first to knock one down, etc.  The game is easy to set up, learn, and play.  That said, I found my 6 year had the dexterity to play while my 4 year old was struggling with it.If there are any gripes with this set, it's that the penguins need to be assembled which takes a bit considering you have 24 to build as well as, unfortunately, needing a bit of hand strength to get them to pop together.Otherwise this is a fun little game that can be played quickly out of the box. (again after initial penguin assembly).  Also, it comes in a fairly sturdy box which is nice, as games boxes can see quite the wear and tear in my house."
The game has a very basic concept. You have lots of penguins which you then need to balance on a iceberg. The iceberg wobbles and moves so you need a steady hand to place them. It starts off easy but gets harder by the penguin. You each get some penguins and take turns adding them onto the iceberg when they fall off you then take them into your hand and carry one. My four year old loved the game. The only thing that drove me mad was putting the penguins together. They arrived in three pieces and Some of them did not go together well at all.Overall this is a fun simple game to play. Easy to set up. I was able to play a round with my son while I held my four month old baby on my lap. I think her movement probably made it a more equal game for steady hands.
This comes game comes with a plastic type of ice cube mountain, that sits on a plastic holder. The holder has to be balanced with the little penguins that come with this. Each player takes penguins, and puts them on the ice mountain with out the mountain tipping . It is a little tricky, but fun.The penguins come in 3 pieces, that you have to snap together before playing ,which is easy and fun. There is a front, the back , and the face with penguins wings.My 4 yr. old Grandson like to hear them snap together. Then we could play the game.I think the game is good for a child to learn about balancing.I think this game is for kids that are older then 4, as it says.My Grandson liked the game, but got bored rather quick..He got excited when the ice mountain tipped over, and all the penguins fall off. Then you start over again.
"The children love to play it, mostly to watch the penguins fall off and they laugh like crazy.  Assembling the penguins (each is 3 pieces) can be a bit challenging because they don't all go to together easily.  Once that is done, then you are home free.  However, the balance on the ""iceberg"" is somewhat touchy and putting penguins on the iceberg safely is not as easy as it looks.  Still, the kids love playing it and that is what matters."
This is a very simple game about strategy and dexterity-- obviously, you're supposed to try to balance all your penguins on this floating piece of ice, which sways back and forth on its base when you knock it off balance.According to the directions, the winner is the one who gets all his or her penguins on the ice first-- NOT that whoever knocks off all the penguins loses. Any penguins you knock off on your turn are supposed to go into your pile, which of course makes it even harder for you to win.But you can adjust the directions according to your needs/desires-- for instance, my 5-year-old and I don't have enough patience to keep going and going with stacking up penguins, so we DO play that whoever knocks it over loses. It's a very short game this way, and I can't say that it's one of our favorites even so. I see its benefit, especially for those (like her) who need work on manual dexterity, but it got old for me pretty fast.Also, like others have mentioned, it's a pain putting together all the penguins. Some seemed to snap together easily and others didn't. And the plastic for the ice and base are thin, like deli containers.It's still fun to pick up on a rainy day every now and then.
This is a great game for young kids. It teaches reasoning and strategy.  kids really enjoy this game.  They laugh whenever the penguins fall off on my turn.  This game is a lot of fun for kids of all ages.  Great family game.
I used this game with 5 year-olds during our therapy time and ended up taking it off the base because keeping the penguins on for little hands was just too difficult. I was also surprised that all of the penguins had to be put together in 3 steps, which took awhile to do. It proved too frustrating for most of my students so I popped them together myself before we played. The game itself is durable,the box is sturdy and I'm sure it will last for years. I would recommend this for children older than 5 (although I'm not sure  they won't get bored easily). Seniors or other occupational therapy patients could use it as a fine motor activity during sessions.
I got this game through the Amazon Vine program to review.  My five year old and I have played it together a number of times and it is a pretty fun game.Just a warning up front...you have to assemble all of the penguins.  It took my family maybe 15 mintues to do that, it's something you only need to do once.  My son actually got a kick out of building these penguins, so it wasn't completely a bad thing.The purpose of the game is to stack your penguins on the iceberg in such a way that they don't fall off.  The first person to get all their penguins on the iceberg wins.  Just be careful the iceberg swings and sways so you have to be careful not to knock off other penguins.  It you do they go into your pile.This is a super easy and quick game that is lots of fun.  Placing the penguins requires dexterity and also requires strategy.  You need to place the penguins in a way that they cause the least movement in the iceberg; it's an interesting lesson in balancing.  Also the slopes that you set the penguins on are diffrent steepness, so you have to figure out which steepness the penguins can sit on.  Also the direction the penguins face on the slope contributes to whether or not they will stay up there.So there's a lot of interesting physics involved but it's a very simple game.  The penguins are cute and when they fall off it's kind of funny.  There was a lot of laughing and giggling during this game.  Especially when the iceberg really got moving and the penguins were sliding and swaying.The only negative to this game is the dexterity involved. My son had a bit of trouble moving the pieces as carefully as me and my husband were able to.  Still there were a number of games he did win.  I think by next year he will be giving us a run for our money.The game comes in a basic box.  We ended up putting in a baggy to hold the penguins.  Also you have to take the flag off of the top of the iceberg for everything to fit in the box.  Still the set up is very quick.Overall this is a fun game to teach dexterity and physics.  Super easy and quick to set up and lots of fun to play with younger kids.  Adults will find this to be a fun game to play with kids as well.  I would also recommendAnimal Upon Animalas a similar game that is slightly more complex and a bit more fun for adults and children alike.
The premise of this game is pretty simple.  Everybody gets an equal number of penguins and you each take turns putting it on the iceberg (which is balanced on a point at the tip).  Any penguins knocked over during the span of your turn become yours.  The first player to get rid of his/her penguins wins!My 6 year old and I really enjoyed the game.  She has global developmental delays and I was pleased to see how she was able to work on her fine motor skills by carefully placing each penguin successfully.  To make it easier, you can adjust the number of penguins that each players begins with.  I also found that it helped with proprioceptive development (this is your body's sense of where it is in space; e.g. how your body can walk up a flight of stairs without your foot brushing each step and without needing to look at your feet) in that she had to be wary of how her hand would brush against any other penguins as she placed her piece.My only complaint is that task of assembling the penguins when you first receive the game.  Each penguin is comprised of 3 plastic parts.  It was not so simple to snap them together as they didn't click very well each time.  And even when they did click, sometimes there was a gap at the top of the penguin's head.  Given manufacturing processes, I don't see how it would have been so difficult to develop a hollow plastic penguin that is already assembled or comprised of a single piece when the game is shipped.Other than that, it's an excellent game and I'd recommend it for your game collection.
The game itself is fun. I'm not sure why it is rate 5 and up (unless it is for small parts). My 3 year old can play with the older kids. You balance the penguins on the wobbly ice. Don't make the penguins fall! Easy concept. Challenging. And fun.The penguins themselves come in 3 separate pieces, which you have to put together before the kids can play the game. It isn't difficult, but there are quite a few penguins to make. I really wish the penguins came put together and in one piece. The kids can easily take the penguins apart, leaving you to remake penguins as they unmake them. This makes an otherwise very kid independent game very mom intensive.
Okay, I thought Funny Bunny was a really fun game, but Penguin Pile-Up now moves to the top of the list. You get these cute little plastic penguins and an ice glacier that tips as you place the penguins on it. The first player to get all their penguins onto the iceberg is the winner. This game is great because there is no reading or batteries required. It's also great because you can play by yourself or with up to 6 players. It is a real challenge to balance your penguins since the iceberg is very sensitive and tips pretty easily. If young children are playing and getting frustrated with how easily their penguins fall off, you can take the iceberg out of the water and place it on the table. It will no longer tip, but the younger kids will have fun just trying to find space to place all their penguins. Ravensburger is a great game company and their games are well made and well designed. As an adult, I love not having to buy batteries. The kids can drag this game out anytime and just have fun. This is a fun game for kids and adults alike.
I had this game in my fourth grade classroom for use during recess.  It was a perfect game for that setting.  Several can play, besides being fun to watch.  No reading or counting is required.  It was also nice because we had recess residents from the special classes, and they could compete, too.  The rounds move quickly enough that several children got turns during our twenty minute breaks.  The only thing is keeping up with the penguins, but we managed.
This is really a great family game.  I know it's a good one when my kids choose this over Wii. :)We've played it with ages 5-80, and all have enjoyed it.When you first get the game, you need to assemble the penguins which is a little bit of a pain, but my kids enjoyed doing it.  (9 and 7 year old.)  Other than that, not really much set up.  You each get 12 penguins (and there's a spare penguin as well) and you take turns balancing the penguins on the ice.  You can turn the ice if you need to, but any penguins that fall go into your pile.We've found that for beginning and younger kids, it's easier to each have 6 penguins to start with.  You can then add penguins as they get more talented.it can also be played alone which is nice.No batteries.  No noise. :)
You can't help but smile playing this game!Such a simple but fun game. Extremely quick to set up and easy to explain the concept/goal to new players. Even my 3 year old quickly got the hang of it and even learned a thing or two about balance. I like that it's not an overly long game and that it's one of those that my 3 yr old and 6 yr old can play on their own without adult help. We all really enjoyed playing this game, children and adults alike!
This game is a lot of fun to play. The skill involves getting the penguins onto the iceberg. It will appeal to kids (and parents) who like games such as Don't Break the Ice and Don't Spill the Beans.It's a nice change from games like Candyland because of the hands-on aspect. It doesn't involve recognizing colors, etc. However, it does teach about the importance of planning your next move, and also some cause-and-effect. This makes it a nice addition to round out your pile of games.As I noted about Funny Bunny, another new Ravensburger game, it would be great if the price was a bit lower. I wouldn't hesitate to pick this up for $9.99, but $15-$20 seems a bit high, particularly since the quality of the iceberg seems low. Also, make sure you leave enough time to assemble the penguins---you can't play it straight out of the box.  I've knocked off a star for those reasons, but recommend overall.
We've played this with our 7 and 12 year olds and had many laughs.  It's a simple concept, the penguins are cute and it's always fun to see who will create the biggest penguin spill!  You do need a decent level of dexterity, so kids under 5 or 6 may get frustrated.  Overall, lots of fun!
This game is lots of fun for kids of any age - and adults too!  My daughter and I had a blast playing this - we spent at least an hour playing the first time, and later in the day she enjoyed playing it by herself.  The object of the game is to place the penguins on the wobbly iceberg without knocking your penguin or any others off.  It's tricky but not too hard once you've tried it a few times, and lots of fun.A heads-up if you're giving this as a gift -  the penguins come in pieces that you have to snap together (one time only).  It's not hard but it is a little time consuming, so if you want to make the gift-receiver a little more thankful you could assemble the penguins before wrapping the box.
It is a cute game. The object is to balance the penguins on the iceberg. The iceberg and water are two pieces, the iceberg is balances on a pole sticking out of the water. The idea is to take turns putting on the penguins, and whoever tips it's over, loses. It is definitely fun.The reason I deducted a star was because you have to put the penguins together. They come in three pieces and they can be a bit difficult to put together.
First impression:  It doesn't come assembled?!  See all those cute penguins in the picture?  Each one of those play things comes in three not-so-easy to assemble pieces.  I put the set together by myself and it took about 30 minutes -- no small thing with a couple of kids who are eager to play.When assembled, the kids eagerly attacked the game.  You can probably deduce the general idea just from the photo:  Balance as many penguins on the oh-so-slippery iceberg as you can, and if they fall, you collect all those who fall off the mountain.  The last person with any penguins wins.  Gameplay usually takes about 5 minutes if you've got a REALLY STEADY hand.  If you're playing with the intended audience (little ones) gameplay will be frustratingly quick.  My kids played with me once.  In fairness, I've tried to get them to play with me again, but I think we've pretty much explored all this game has to offer.  Maybe my sales pitch for a second go hasn't been all that convincing...Ravensburger rarely misses, but this is a stone-cold strike-out.
As a kind of nouveau take onPick-Up SticksorJenga, Penguin Pile-Up has players stack penguins on a teetering platform.  Any penguins a player knocks off are returned to their had to play, and the player to place all of their penguins first wins.  That said, the platform doesn't really give that much, wo while the game was a learning challenge in balance for my 3yo who likes to put all the penguins on one side, my 6yo can play flawlessly without ever knocking off a penguin.  The 5+ yo rating is due to small parts (the penguins come in pieces and need to be assembled), but I think you 3yo and 4yo crowd will have more fun with this game than the actual 5yo-and-up for whom it's recommended.  In all, it's a durable, fun little family game.
Our preschoolers love this game--me not so much.  Nonetheless, it's great to teach them patience, hand-eye coordination, hand agility, lightness of touch, and game etiquette, in that they have to be still and respect others player's turns more so than in regular board games.  There's a bit of luck in it,  but they also have to learn a bit about physics and balance in order to succeed in the game. It's also cute and generates conversation among the little ones, particularly those who love penguins.
We got this for our 6 year-old daughter, and she loves it. We ordered it for our family game night. It isn't a board game. Every review contains a summary of the game, so I won't bore you with mine. It is cute, though, and it is even fun for adults. Some people complained about the quality of the game, but I was pretty impressed. I would definitely buy it as a gift for a child ages 5-10. It certainly gets kids laughing.
My 4 and 6 year old love this game!  I will say that it is a little difficult to balance all the penguins on the iceberg and takes some patience and careful skill!  But that is what makes this game a winner because it is not a simple game that kids will get bored with - they will keep trying until they get the balance right!  The object of the game is to divide the penguins between players then take turns placing them on a wobbly iceberg.  If any penguins fall off when placing your penguin, you have to keep those penguins.  The first person to get all of their penguins on the iceberg wins.  The iceberg is made of a hard plastic - it seems like it might be flimsy but it is actually pretty durable.  The top part of the iceberg balances on top of a small column on top of the base - it will wobble a little but can sit straight.  The penguins are two plastic pieces that snap together - also a more sturdy plastic.  This game can be played in a short amount of time - 15-20 minutes depending on how fast you can get the penguins on, so it is great for young kids with short attention spans!  But it can be played over and over again - great for a rainy or cold day!  You can even set up a tournament if you have multiple players!
I don't think my 5 and 8 year old kids have completed this game once.  Every time they start, they end up playing penguins in Antarctica together.  It's actually very cute to watch and I guess its better than the fighting, bickering, and cheating that goes on in other games.  So, in short, unless an adult is planning to play and stick to the rules, kids imagination will want to wander and may end up doing something else completely.  My opinion on it is that if my kids are happy and aren't fighting, let 'em play this game however they want.
I'm a big fan of most Ravensburger games and puzzles and I really like the idea behind this toy. I love games that involved fine motor skills and my daughter, at 4.5 typically does really well with them. Even though this game is for ages 5 and up, she's usually somewhat ahead of her peers in terms of motor skills. Unfortunately, she really can't do this game. Honestly, I can't really either and I'm a 30-something adult. It's actually sort of frustrating. I'm looking at all the reviews here and only a handful mention how incredibly hard this game is. My daughter loves games and was really incredibly frustrated with this game. It was a bit of a blow to her self-esteem since usually she excels at things involving gross and fine-motor skills.Maybe in a few years we can try again, but given that even I have a hard time with this, I'm not even sure we'll be playing much of it down the road. Great idea, but the execution is really maybe too hard.
"This is a really nerve-wracking--but fun!--game with a real slippery twist on the typical stacking game.Set-Up:The penguins come in three plastic pieces and must be assembled prior to playing. They're a bit tough to snap together, so this is probably best handled by an adult. I got one extra penguin--25 instead of 24. Of course, it's a nice thing to get an extra piece! But I just wanted to mention it since it's a good idea to count the number of penguins you end up with before dividing them up between players, because it may not be 24 as described.Play:Players take turns placing a penguin anywhere on the ""ice."" The ""ice""--or rather, the surface of the plastic--is intentionally extra-slippery, so it's a challenge to get a foothold with the penguins. Typical balance games that I have played don't usually have an extra added feature like this texture--which makes it more of a challenge! Aside from the ""ice"" being slippery, the iceberg tips in all directions, since it's just sitting atop a center post stand. One nice feature about the game is that you're allowed to spin the iceberg (not the game base) around to look for a decent spot to put a penguin--although that also adds to the risk that penguins will drop. Any penguins that drop on your turn must be taken by you. The goal is to get rid of all of your penguins first.You can think you're winning, and then suddenly--most of the penguins fall and there's no chance! The game is nicely done in that as little as one penguin will fall . . . or a bunch. You just never know.There's also a one-player game--trying to get ALL of the included penguins on the iceberg. It's tricky, because they just barely fit since there's not much room on the little ""ice"" tiers. But it's possible! (You CAN fit on 25 penguins, if you also get an extra!)This game is really fun, and set-up is simple after the initial penguin assembly. I like the fact that the texture of the ice adds to the challenge, making it not only a weight balancing game, but also one of trying to find a decent foothold for the penguins, so they don't slip off. It's also a neat touch that Ravensburger included a second game option.The only slightly negative thing I can think of is that the penguins are just black and white, with white eyes and a black bow-tie. It would have been nice if orange and red had been added to the color palette. But that's not all that important."
Young children will enjoy Ravenburger's Penguin Pile-Up game. The concept is quite simple, yet a whole lot of fun.The object of the game, similar to other balancing games, is to place your penguins on the ice without tipping the ice and making the penguins fall off. The more penguins you add to the iceberg, the more unstable it gets. The first player to get all of their penguins on the ice is the winner. It's a simple, and fairly quick game that can be played by 1 to 6 players of nearly all ages.
This toy contains 1 game base, 1 iceberg with flag, and 24 penguins.  Ravensburger says that it can be played within 15 minutes, but playing the game with multiple children can extend the time of the game.The game is nice because it can be played by one child as well as six children, as advertised.  It is also a fun game for parents to play with their children.  I caution, though, playing it with small children or leaving it out in a house with small children, as the penguin pieces are choking hazards.While the toy is advertised for children 5 years and older, I would recommend this game for children 6 pieces an older because it requires the player to have dexterity.  While there are many small pieces in this game, the good part is that the game can still be played if a few of the pieces are missing.  (Whoever heard of a small child misplacing game pieces? :))As with all Ravensburger products that I have played, this game is made of high quality materials and is quite durable.  You really can't go wrong with this game and will have lots of fun playing it.
