Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
As the mother of a nine-year-old daughter and a three-year-old son, I've played many an educational game and the bottom line is that many of them are anything but fun for parents. However, Ravensburger games have proven to be the exception to this rule every time. While I didn't like this game as much as some of the other Ravensburger games, I do think it's a fun counting game for young children.The idea is very simple: whoever gets one of their bunnies to the top of the hill first wins. Each player gets a total of four bunnies, and they can have as many bunnies in play as they want. Players take turns drawing cards. Some cards show a bunny with stones at its feet, and the player moves one of their bunnies the same number of stones up the hill. Other cards have carrots on them, which means the player turns the carrot at the top of the hill. Every time the carrot is turned, holes open up in the path and, if a player's bunny is standing on a stone that disappears, their bunny falls into the center of the hill and is out of play.The shifting nature of the holes takes this from being a simple counting/race game and makes it one that requires a little bit more strategy. Does it make more sense to save bunnies in case a player loses one, or do they want to have more bunnies in play in an effort to give them an edge in the race?As with all Ravensburger games, this one is very well constructed. Though many of the games have wooden pieces, this one is all plastic. However, it's a very heavy-duty plastic that is sturdy and seems capable of standing up to lots of use. Unlike with many cheap, flimsy plastic toys available on the market nowadays, this one obviously uses good materials. The cards aren't as sturdy (thik a deck of playing cards), which is a bit of a disadvantage. If they were too sturdy, they would be difficult to shuffle, so I think the design makes sense, but the cards aren't likely to hold up against much abuse.Still, all in all, this is a good game--so good that we not only have one at home, I also purchased one as a gift for another child.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.03200292959809303,0.03418548032641411,0.033360209316015244,0.03433503955602646,0.03445906937122345,0.03839791566133499,0.03539241850376129,0.033665262162685394,0.0344296358525753,0.033589061349630356,0.03418230637907982,0.03654012829065323,0.03727803751826286,0.0342244990170002,0.035217612981796265,0.03308475390076637,0.03543279320001602,0.03405512124300003,0.03550693020224571,0.033704183995723724,0.03309697285294533,0.034476689994335175,0.033933620899915695,0.035162363201379776,0.03396867215633392,0.03336312249302864,0.03420785814523697,0.03439933434128761,0.034347955137491226
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
The game itself is very easy to use, you really don't even need instructions. You have your bunnies and cards, you draw a card and your bunny hops how many spaces the card says. You spin the spinner and if your bunny is in a hole they fall under the hill. Whoever gets to the top of the hill first is the winner.My only pet peeve with this is that there is really not enough cards. Wish they had put a few extra cards with the game but it does keeps the kids entertained.
This game did not hold my child's attention at all.  In short, the game has a trail-like path winding around a mound of earth.  Along the trail are several trap door-like spaces.  When a card is drawn, it directs the child to activate the mound, which in turn causes one of the trap doors to fall open.  If your figure is on the door and it opens, you lose.Unfortunately, the game is way too simplistic, even for a young child.  After about 5 minutes of play, my child was over it.  Cute concept, but it needs a lot more functionality/features to be interesting.
"We made the switch to Ravensburger games a while back after realizing how much better they are put together than their American counterparts.  Yes, all the games are different and cannot be compared evenly.  However, once you buy a Ravensburger game, you'll note how much better detail and craftsmanship is put into it as opposed to a traditional Mattel/Hasbro boardgame.UNBOXING:Included in the box is the bunny hill, 16 game pieces, 24 cards and instructions.REVIEW:The bunny hill with carrot is extremely well put together.  It's sturdy and seems like a hefty ""board"" for the game.The bunnies are not your traditional basic colors (red, green, blue, yellow), instead going for a sort of Easter pastel pallet (pink, lt blue, dk blue, yellow).  But they do have detail--eyes, nose, ears, hands and feet are all distinguishable.The game is rather simple--choose a card, move that many spaces, get to the top of the hill.  If you pull a carrot card, you spin the carrot, and someone's bunny falls into the hill and starts over.  It's kind of like a 3D mix of shoots and ladders with candy land.The spinner does have a pattern to it, so if you only click the carrot once per card, eventually your brighter kiddos will realize who will drop.  However, that only detracts from the game in a little bit, since you never know who will be on what space or when the carrot cards come up.OVERALL:I agree with the reviewers who say that there aren't enough cards.  Twenty four cards only gets you six rounds with 4 kids playing.  And shuffling only can get the cards mixed differently so many times.  However, I don't mind watching our kids continue to have fun with this game, and they don't mind playing--it's one of the games that continues to be asked for by our youngest ones (they like falling bunnies).  I think I'll start using that dice idea given by one of the other reviewers though--great idea!  I highly recommend this game."
My 4yo loves play with this game. This is one of the few games that she can actual play more than one round. Usually we can only play games once and then we need to rest, this one she play and have fun for more than one, that it is really cool
My daughter is under the recommended age level for this game at 2 years old, but she loves it.  I've really grown fond of the Ravnsburger game line.  They are fun, but a lot more educational than a lot of games on the market. This game you can use to teach counting and colors while having fun together as a family. It is simple, but very fun to play.  My two older daughters are 9 and 11, and while this game doesn't hold the same educational and entertainment value for them, they still have fun playing with the younger one and in general as a family.
As the mother of a nine-year-old daughter and a three-year-old son, I've played many an educational game and the bottom line is that many of them are anything but fun for parents. However, Ravensburger games have proven to be the exception to this rule every time. While I didn't like this game as much as some of the other Ravensburger games, I do think it's a fun counting game for young children.The idea is very simple: whoever gets one of their bunnies to the top of the hill first wins. Each player gets a total of four bunnies, and they can have as many bunnies in play as they want. Players take turns drawing cards. Some cards show a bunny with stones at its feet, and the player moves one of their bunnies the same number of stones up the hill. Other cards have carrots on them, which means the player turns the carrot at the top of the hill. Every time the carrot is turned, holes open up in the path and, if a player's bunny is standing on a stone that disappears, their bunny falls into the center of the hill and is out of play.The shifting nature of the holes takes this from being a simple counting/race game and makes it one that requires a little bit more strategy. Does it make more sense to save bunnies in case a player loses one, or do they want to have more bunnies in play in an effort to give them an edge in the race?As with all Ravensburger games, this one is very well constructed. Though many of the games have wooden pieces, this one is all plastic. However, it's a very heavy-duty plastic that is sturdy and seems capable of standing up to lots of use. Unlike with many cheap, flimsy plastic toys available on the market nowadays, this one obviously uses good materials. The cards aren't as sturdy (thik a deck of playing cards), which is a bit of a disadvantage. If they were too sturdy, they would be difficult to shuffle, so I think the design makes sense, but the cards aren't likely to hold up against much abuse.Still, all in all, this is a good game--so good that we not only have one at home, I also purchased one as a gift for another child.
"This bunny-hopping game was very popular with my animal-loving kindergartner. She loved the bright colors, and the bunnies themselves. She had so much fun with the bunnies, she took them out and plays with them without the game, too!The play of the game is simple: each player takes four bunnies, all of the same color. Then you shuffle the carrot cards, and start drawing cards. The cards with either have a number of hops on them (1, 2, or 3) or you will get to click the carrot at the top of the hill. The cards are good for younger learners because they do not use number symbols, but icons. The number of hops is represented by holes. So, the player gets to count the holes and then move their bunny in turn.The game board ""hill"" is sturdy and well made, as I have come to expect from Ravensburger games. The bunnies come in pink, purple, yellow, or blue and are about 1"" tall.This would make a great gift to bring to a child's birthday party."
Its a cute game.  My 4 year old loves it.  You each get 4 bunnies and move them through the board until one gets to the top where there is a carrot.  There are no dice, you just pick cards that tell you how many spaces to move.  The fun part is if you pick a card that says 'click' as now you have to spin the carrot at the top which moves a disk that creates holes in various spaces.  There are so many times one of us thought we would win only to have the click card come up and our bunny fall through the hole.  Very cute game.
"Funny Bunny is a simple & entertaining game that should appeal to little ones and which manages to be fun for parents & older kids too.  The gameboard is a plastic hill with a spiraling path of spots leading to the center, where a protruding carrot awaits and marks the end of the path - and victory for the first player whose bunny gamepiece reaches it.  This carrot also serves another purpose, as it can be twisted to open up spots on the gameboard.  If your gamepiece has landed on the spot that opens up with the twist of the carrot, it falls through and disappears from the board and is eliminated from play.  This unique means of eliminating player pieces is what puts the ""fun"" in Funny Bunny.Gameplay is simple, with each player taking turns drawing a card which either advances that player's piece forward 1, 2, or 3 spaces or which has the player give the carrot a twist.  The suggested age range of 4+ is appropriate, though we've found that on those occasions when we play this to include our almost-four-year-old daughter in playtime the rest of the family enjoys it too, including 7 year old big brother and mom and dad.  Twisting the carrot and anticipating which bunny will drop through the hole and out of sight is actually quite enjoyable.  There isn't much strategy involved, though players have a small amount of decision-making in choosing which of their own 4 bunnies to move during their turn.  Little ones will use basic skills like turn-taking and counting, and will also use a bit of their motor skills when twisting the carrot.Overall this is a cute game that little ones will enjoy and which provides some fun for the older members of the family too.  Make no mistake - this is a simple game aimed at young kids, but the novelty of the disappearing bunnies is clever and gives this one broader appeal than other games aimed at preschoolers.  The board and pieces are cute and sturdy too, and I expect they'll last through as many kids as you need them to.  Overall a fine choice for gaming families that want to include their preschoolers and offer some fun to the older players too."
"Funny Bunny is a durable fun game for children ages 5-10. I played this game with my 3,5,6 year old grandchildren. The object of the game is to be the first to reach the carrot at the top of the hill. Each player picks a card to move the playing piece a designated number of spaces. The bunny pieces land on ""holes"" which may collapse if the carrot is turned (indicated by a card). The bunny that reaches the top of the carrot first....wins!  There really isn't any skill or memory involved,just luck. But there is plenty of action to delight the younger children. The directions indicate that a ten year old would enjoy the game. I don't know about that; it certainly was action-packed for the younger age group."
The game is built solidly and the mechanism for where the hole appears is very hardy.  Even the box is very sturdy.  Kids love the game and it is visually appealing.  Two small tweaks would really improve it.  Where the hole is going to appear is predictable and sharper kids can catch on to it.  If there was some way to make it more random it would help.  Also, there are too few cards.  When a larger number of children are playing, they have to reshuffle the cards all the time.  Most of the time, kids stop playing by the rules and make up their own.
"This is a nice, easy to learn game for the younger set.  Two of my grand- children have been playing this game for some time, and seem to enjoy the game.  The game is easy to learn, durable, relatively inexpensive and sturdy enough to last a reasonable length of time.  The concept revolves around being the first to get a juicy carrot to the top of the hill.  The idea of the game is to hop over some holes and to race to the top.  Like many toys today, it bears a ""Warning:  Choking Hazard."" This should be kept in mind, when youngsters are playing with friends.  The game seems to be a little more on the expensive side, but most new toys like this bear similar pricing. Generally a fun game."
I have a 5 year old daughter and a 7 year old son who both love to play games.  Usually they prefer to play electronic games but my wife and I make them play board games regularly as well.  Funny Bunny was easy for them to figure out, they can play together without an adult to ref. (unlike Monopoly) and they actually seem to have fun doing it.  The reason I gave it 4 stars is because they like Monopoly, Chutes and ladders, and Yahtzee better.  Overall though, this is a fun game that I find myself playing occasionally with them.  Highly recommend for young kids.
My 4 and 5 year old LOVE this game. It has been played five separate times today alone. The game's concept is so simple that they are able to play without my help after the first time. Overall, I am very please with this game. Our 8 year old neighbor has also played the game and equally enjoyed it. If your child is 8 and under, they will enjoy this game.
"This is a simple game where your bunny token moves 1, 2 or 3 hops along a bunny trail based on a card drawn from the deck.  Also in the deck are ""clic"" cards where you twist the giant carrot and holes open up on the bunny trail that can cause bunnies to disappear from the game board.  It's a very simple concept which is actually alot of fun for 3-6yr olds.  We've been playing constantly for weeks around this house and if you can count you can play.  Very much recommended!"
My grandkids love this game. They laugh until they almost make themselves sick. Choose the color rabbits you wish to play with, pick a card that will either tell you how many spaces you can move up the hill or to spin the carrot. If you spin the carrot, holes will randomly open up and if a bunny is on top of that space, it will disappear into the rabbit hole. The first bunny to make it to the top of the hill and to the huge carrot is the winner. Everytime the rabbits fall into the rabbit holes the kids laugh hysterically and I think they enjoy that more than reaching the finish line and winning. No reading is required, so this is a great game for younger children and once they get the hang of it, they can play by themselves. I do think the game is more for ages 4-8, but it is such a fun game, everyone should enjoy it. The best part is no batteries are required.
Funny Bunny is a fun game for children (boy or girl) 3-5 years old.Each player gets four 'bunnies' and the goal is to reach the top of the mountain. The cards tell you how many spaces to move, but you have to be careful. If you get the 'carrot' card you have to turn the carrot and a hole may open up under one bunny. The goal is to keep as many bunnies as you can and make it to the top of the mountain.We had a blast playing the game, though the older child (7) did get bored after a short time. Not so for the 4 year old. He loved it.Funny Bunny is great for the younger set. While not educational or imaginative, it will bring the family together for a fun evening around the kitchen table.
I'm not sure why this has the age range 5-10 on it. There is no reading required, and not even number recognition. If your child can play CandyLand, they can play this. The game play is simple, though the instructions are a little lacking (are you supposed to use all 4 bunnies at once, or focus on one until it falls through and then start a new one until you either win or lose all 4 pieces?) The 5-year-old boy finds it mostly fun, though since anyone can pull the carrot cards and, thus, cause any player's bunny to fall through the hole, he has a harder time not getting upset than in other games where he only has setbacks based on his own actions. Otherwise, it's a reasonably fun game.
My three-year old son enjoys playing this game.  It's simple and straight-forward enough for him to understand and play.  My older nieces and nephews (between ages 5 and 8) got bored with it pretty quickly though.
"My child is five years old and loves games. This was another great addition to her game collection. While not as advanced as some of the other games she has, this one is perfect to play with her younger cousins. She feels like she is the ""knowledgeable"" one of the bunch.It's a very cute game and the concept is easy to pick up on. Much like games in the category of Candy Land and Chutes and Ladders. Pick a card and hop. The fun part is when the bunnies fall into the hole which is opened by the spinner. Much like the Chute or the Go Back in the other games I mention. Again, same concept just different direction. But this game is more 3 dimensional instead of just a flat board game.Very enjoyable for children and you don't have to sit there with them to play it with complicated rules that they GET but sometimes don't remember.Counting is required. It is also very durable.Recommended for fans of Candy Land & Chutes and Ladders. Not the most educational game on the market, but this is perfect for passing the time and giving the children something to focus their energies on."
"I got this as a Christmas gift for my youngest, a boy age three. We've been playing with it for a few days now, and to my surprise it's much more popular with my five and six year old (boy and girl, respectively). I suppose the recommended age of four really applies in this case.Properly played, the game takes well under 10 minutes, so I don't know where the advertised ""20 minute playtime"" comes from. Having said that, my two older kids can play for an hour at a time; they make up new games for the bunnies and drop holes, whole little adventures. They absolutely love it.As a grownup I have zero patience for board games and card games (and word games - bah, humbug). But even I like this one, because it's simple and quick, and fun to drop the bunnies down the holes. Highly recommended."
"This game has all the bells and whistles that are perfect for 6 & 7-year-olds: bunnies, carrots and hot pursuit to the top of the bunny hill!Unfortunately, the ""holes"" are pretty predictable, and anyone can easily figure out how to avoid them. We played and played the game and not a single person's bunny was lost. Until we began to TRY to get them sunk.Since the first day we got it, there has been no child-driven interest in playing this game again.I am so glad that I didn't pay for Funny Bunny, I would have felt ripped off."
In the game Funny Bunny, players must get their bunny to make it to the top of the hill.  They do so by drawing cards that tell the number of spaces they can move.  But watch out!  Some spaces cover holes and those bunnies can fall through and have to start over.  Funny Bunny is a cute game, especially since young players will enjoy turning the carrot to make the bunnies of other players fall under the hill, but one round is usually more than enough.  The clicking noise of the carrot is loud and can get on one's nerves after a while.
"This is a cute game and fun for little ones but not really much fun for older players.  The premise is simple enough.  Each player has four bunny-shaped playing pieces of the same color and the goal is to hop up to the top of the mountain.  There are cards that tell you how many spaces to move but be careful because there is also a carrot card.  Every time anyone gets the carrot card, they turn the carrot and a hole may manifest beneath where your bunny is standing.  In other words, your bunny may fall down a hole.  Once your bunny is gone, it is no longer in the game so the goal here is to try not to lose all four of your playing pieces.Aside from knowing where the holes are or may appear and perhaps trying not to land where a hole may show up at the player's turn of the carrot, there really isn't much strategic about this game.  It's fun for little children to see the pieces disappear but that's hardly enough to sustain a more mature interest.  So basically it's a silly distraction.If you haven't done so already, read j. sistin ""la jeffe"" review.  Her 5 year old son eventually started making up his own stories and adventures using the game.  I hope my granddaughter will do something like that.  Using her imagination would give this game an educational value it is mostly missing now."
I was pleasantly surprised with this game. I had never even heard of it before, but I noticed that many reviewers gave it high ratings. I got it to give to my brother's children (5 and 7), and they seemed to love it! The game looks like it is high-quality and durable. They seemed to figure it out pretty quickly and played it quite a few times. I am thinking about getting another one for our family.
My 4 and 6 year old really loved this game and played it over and over again the moment they opened it!  It is easy to play for this age group and perfect for their attention span.  The object of the game is to hop on the spaces all the way up the hill but if someone draws a click card, you have to turn the carrot and holes open up along the hill so you may loose a bunny in the hole.  The kids really loved that effect!  The first one up the hill wins.This game is durable but the bunnies are kind of small (too small for toddlers) but all in all it is a fun game and a perfect gift!
The premise is pretty simple - get a bunny to the top first. One picks a card, moves the allotted number of spaces (one or two) or twists the carrot (if a carrot card is chosen). Twisting the carrot causes holes in the hill to move, potentially plunging your bunny through the hole. It's very simple and makes a great first game for a preschooler. I would say the upper age limit on this game is about 5 or maybe 6.  My 4 year old likes it well enough. It's not her favorite, but it's a cute game for our collection. Ravensburger makes a lot of really great products, this isn't really their best. (Our family's favorite Ravensburger game isRavensburger Make N Break Junior - Children's Game.)
I gave this game to my 6-year-old niece and she loves it! We have played Funny Bunny several times and she really enjoys trying to figure out the best place for her bunnies. It is a great rainy-day game. I definitely recommend it for kids 4-8. Entertaining little game!
This is a cute game. My fojr year old son loves to play bunnies. His darling 9 year old sister is nice enough to entertain him once in awhile. He learns counting and colors, she learns a bit of patience and teaching skills. Very nice addition next to our small collection of board games.
