Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
"This ""World of Nature ~ Africa"" animal nursery from Schleich is excellent in every way. The pieces are texturedand have a realistic look and feel. The vinyl is very thick and substantial ~ and this high end toy is well thought out for easy assembly.All pieces easily snap together, and un-snap with no worry of damage or breakage.The doors and windows are a precise fit & open & close nicely ~ and the roof lifts off to access the inside corrals.When the 31 pieces of the building are assembled it is approx 22"" deep - 16"" wide - and 12"" tall.Schleich is a German company, founded in Germany in 1935. The design & creation of production toolsare still all made in Germany today. This animal nursery was molded in China, but the molds where made in Germany.The building is sold by itself, it doesn't come with any accessories or animals. But it's a quality toy that's worth purchasingaccessories for, and that also provides us with ideas what to buy for special occasions.This nursery has several available accessories on Schleich own sight, also sold at Barns & Noble and FAO Schwarz among others.There accessories are beautifully hand painted with realistic shades of coloring.The items are various prices ~ starting at approx $2.99 to $6.99 for the animals, other accessories are more.Seven really neat accessories for the nursery are a ~ corral ~ crate set ~ feeding ground ~ fence ~ airoplane ~truck with a driver ~ and ~ truck trailer.Twenty-two African animals are available ~Four-legged Hedgehogs ~ Pelicans ~ Gorillas ~ Griffin Vultures ~ Cheetahs ~ Giant Turtles ~ Chimpanzees ~ African Elephants ~Gazelles ~ Giraffes ~ African Buffaloes ~ Gnus ~ Kudus ~ Leopards ~ Lions ~ Meerkats ~ Ostrich ~ African black Rhino ~ Crocodiles ~Hippopotami ~ Warthog ~ and ~ Zebras.Schleich figures are embossed with a label that gives the company name and headquarters, & the country of production.The S flag on packaged figures means the figure belongs to the Schleich family.This is absolutely a great toy for teaching caring and nurturing, and expanding a child's imagination.It's holsum entertainment while learning to care for animals."

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.06882226467132568,0.06445538997650146,0.0673937126994133,0.06570921838283539,0.0667085275053978,0.0657585859298706,0.06729510426521301,0.07234467566013336,0.06827090680599213,0.06447207182645798,0.06716789305210114,0.06522941589355469,0.06296896189451218,0.06686205416917801,0.06654120981693268
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
From The Manufacturer:Make a home for your Schleich wild life animals (sold separately) with the Schleich Animal Nursery. An easy-to-assemble play set for ages three and up, this nursery comes together without tools and features high-quality parts. This nursery, modeled after the real thing found in the Savannah of Africa, will inspire your child's imaginative play. High-Quality Parts and Easy Assembly without Tools This nursery is made with sturdy, high-quality plastic and vinyl parts. The set comes together easily, with no tools needed. A clear, easy-to-follow manual guides you through the assembly process. A Sweet Home for your Child's African Animals Children can imagine going into the jungle, rescuing animals and taking them back to the nursery to care for them. The nursery provides a safe home for them as they recover to be released back into the wild. With a removable roof, the nursery offers easy access to the animals for simple play and storage.Imagine having heart-stopping imaginary adventures in Africa with this authentically structured African Animal Nursery that has room for all of your favorite Schleich wild life animals. With all the features of a life-size nursery, this is the perfect place for giraffes, elephants, lions or tigers (sold separately). Your cherished animals will enjoy their new home for generations to come. Realistic Nursery Details Designed with all the features of a real-life nursery. Including thatched roof. Working shutters and doors. Wrap-Around front porch.Review:I bought this for my nephew. His dad, my BIL, had no trouble putting this together. I guess he's as smart as he looks. My nephew loves this toy. He loves the moving parts and especially the baby animals. Totally a cute present for a cute little boy.
Our kids have quite a lot of Schleich animals - mostly farm animals, but also some exotic jungle animals. We already have a big barn for all the cows, pigs, and horses, and this animal nursery is a great addition to that for the tigers and lions - and my crocodile. As usual with all Schleich products, the quality is outstanding, the details are beautiful, and the price is steep. But you get great value for your buck - the building is of a sturdy built and should outlast even the most rowdy children (my kids, 5 and 7, should be official toy testers - if a toy survives them, then it will survive anything ...). Assembly was no problem, but be aware that the assembled house is quite large. It is a lot of fun to play with, based on the time my kids spend with their new toy. That might wear off after a while, but with more Schleich animals (they will get some for Christmas ...) will come renewed interest. All in all, this is an investment that will last for years and provide fun for your kids time and again. Well, even I like to play with it from time to time - my crocodile needs some attention, too...
When it comes to animal figures for kids, there's no better choice than this German company that has been producing quality products for over 50 years.  This animal nursery is yet another example, a toy that will provide many hours of awesome animal fun for kids.The quality of the nursery is excellent.  The parts are made of high-quality, durable plastic and vinyl so they're not going to snap two weeks after opening the box.  The instructions are clear and easy to follow, and assembly can be done very quickly.  The roof is easily removable, so that animals may be manipulated inside the structure and so kids can have that top-view that they wouldn't get with a more permanent rook.  I personally find this much more useful than other buildings we've used, such as a farm where my kids have to reach their hands in and around corners just to place an animal in a stall.I think this nursery works well as a standalone product, but it's likely to be far more utilized as part of a larger system of Schleich products.  Our kids already had the expedition truck, crates, corral and a ridiculous number of animals, so the nursery fits very well into that existing landscape.  Most Schleich standard-sized animals, especially the babies, will fit nicely into this building.There's really nothing that I can criticize about this product.  I know there may be some initial sticker shock, but even that should be tempered by the fact that this is the kind of toy that will still be in its original, perfectly functional condition several years down the road.  We have begun passing along some of our animals to a niece, and they look almost-new even after years of heavy play.  A great product, one that will provide tons of fun for kids.
The Schleich Animal Nursery is a beautifully detailed work of art that serves the purpose of letting a child's imagination really come to life. The quality is impeccable. Modeled authentically after an actual Savannah African Animals Nursery, a serious collector  of all things Schleich or perhaps a child with a love for that area would no doubt be overjoyed adding this to their collection.  I don't even have to think twice to say that this nursery is worth every penny spent on it.Assembling the  Schleich Animal Nursery was fairly pleasant. As it's prefabricated and no tools are required. You basically insert the correct tabs into the assigned slots and you're done. The instructions are pictures only though very clear and understandable. Once everything is in constructed, the structure is very sturdy and stays together well. Though do note that there's a small deck that's opposite the stables that doesn't attach to the building by any tabs. Though it does stay in place when the building is stationary.The thatched roof is easily removable and allows for play on the inside. The roof also can be placed back on top super easily when not in play on the inside. All the window shutters and doors can open and close which makes things that much more realistic. No animals or other accessories are included with the Animal Nursery. Though there are many available for purchase though and the prices are very reasonable.My children have been enjoying playing with the Animal Nursery. We have a few African animals but we plan on getting more. We've been collectors of Schleich figurines for some time now. We've always found the companies products to be extremely well made and very appealing to the eye. My kids have spent hours rescuing and helping animals within the walls of this toy.  It's great that it's life size so none of their authentic Schleich figurines are over-sized or anything.I wouldn't hesitate in the least to recommend this product. It has more than exceeded my expectations. I hope that one day my children will be able to pass it down to their kids one day. I know with the quality that it would be very likely to happen.
"This animal nursery is perfect for our small collection of Schleich animals. It's big, well-made, and fun to play with. In fact, because the instructions were just simple pictures, my children were able to build it themselves. (Maybe with a tiny bit of help!)The cool thing about this ""house"" is that it's just generic enough to be used for just about anything. My son especially appreciates having a house that's not a dollhouse.And finally, it's really good looking! I could see someone designing a whole kids room in a safari theme based on it.Good stuff!"
There are no animals included-you have to buy them separately considering the price I was suprised by this. Assembling it was a chore. I made several problems due to the instruction manuel. Once I finally got it together it is a nice Animal Nursery. The product was made of good material. I have never seen a animal nursery before. They should have included the animals it would have been a great toy if everything was included. My son has been using his Lego people/animals in it.
"The Schleich Animal Nursery is a high-quality model of a nursery on the African Savannah.Pros: Even with just the pictures, the pieces of this nursery are easily assembled in about 20 minutes (with adult assistance).The Nursery is high-quality with authentic details. The porch does not attach but that doesn't seem to bother the kids when they play and part of the roof comes off for access to the interior for play.  Though it is an ""African Nursery"" the kids have no trouble playing with a variety of animal sets (not included) in this building.Cons: Animals not included (not even one) and it does have a high price tag.Overall comment: If you are purchasing this item, you are purchasing a high-quality, durable animal nursery. I'd liken it to a dollhouse investment (a dollhouse for animals) if you have kids who frequently play with animal figures (and most do) and it won't easily break with relocation.  In a classroom, this would make a great, durable play center that could be used with animal units and/or when you take about the continent of Africa and its wildlife and resources."
"This ""World of Nature ~ Africa"" animal nursery from Schleich is excellent in every way. The pieces are texturedand have a realistic look and feel. The vinyl is very thick and substantial ~ and this high end toy is well thought out for easy assembly.All pieces easily snap together, and un-snap with no worry of damage or breakage.The doors and windows are a precise fit & open & close nicely ~ and the roof lifts off to access the inside corrals.When the 31 pieces of the building are assembled it is approx 22"" deep - 16"" wide - and 12"" tall.Schleich is a German company, founded in Germany in 1935. The design & creation of production toolsare still all made in Germany today. This animal nursery was molded in China, but the molds where made in Germany.The building is sold by itself, it doesn't come with any accessories or animals. But it's a quality toy that's worth purchasingaccessories for, and that also provides us with ideas what to buy for special occasions.This nursery has several available accessories on Schleich own sight, also sold at Barns & Noble and FAO Schwarz among others.There accessories are beautifully hand painted with realistic shades of coloring.The items are various prices ~ starting at approx $2.99 to $6.99 for the animals, other accessories are more.Seven really neat accessories for the nursery are a ~ corral ~ crate set ~ feeding ground ~ fence ~ airoplane ~truck with a driver ~ and ~ truck trailer.Twenty-two African animals are available ~Four-legged Hedgehogs ~ Pelicans ~ Gorillas ~ Griffin Vultures ~ Cheetahs ~ Giant Turtles ~ Chimpanzees ~ African Elephants ~Gazelles ~ Giraffes ~ African Buffaloes ~ Gnus ~ Kudus ~ Leopards ~ Lions ~ Meerkats ~ Ostrich ~ African black Rhino ~ Crocodiles ~Hippopotami ~ Warthog ~ and ~ Zebras.Schleich figures are embossed with a label that gives the company name and headquarters, & the country of production.The S flag on packaged figures means the figure belongs to the Schleich family.This is absolutely a great toy for teaching caring and nurturing, and expanding a child's imagination.It's holsum entertainment while learning to care for animals."
"I was previously unaware of German toy manufacturer Schleich until I came across this item:The Mrs. and I have grandchildren now, and we're always on the lookout for gifts that have a little meat on their bones.  Schleich is obviously the Cadillac of toy-makers.Note: this is ONLY the Animal Nursery and doesn't come with any of the famed Schleich figures.  Without the figures (which again, MUST BE PURCHASED SEPARATELY) this is like a Safari Doll-House... without the dolls.  But - the Schleich animals by themselves, although beautiful, sturdy, anatomically correct and to scale - are figures of limited imagination.  WITH the Animal Nursey imaginations are sparked to life.  The building (like all Schleich products) is incredibly detailed.  It looks like the Honey-I-Shrunk-The-Kids laser was sent to Kenya.  The doors and shuttered windows open and close and the inside of the building is a veterinary clinic with benches and rooms with furniture.  The realistic thatched roof lifts off so that the imagination-fired kids can move their figurines freely inside the nursery and make up their own tales about injured and healing animals.We accompanied this purchase with 21 Schleich figures including aVeterinariancomplete with stethoscope and medical bag with a little red cross. (Like almost all Schleich figurines the Vets come in male and female versions.) Now theLionandZebraandGiraffeandElephanthave a place to meet and heal, and your young animal lover has a fun way to develop those neural connections in their developing brain.The Nursery gives target ages as 4-10.  The animals come with tags on their legs saying 3+.  If the child(ren) in your house are looking to recreate the ""Toy Story"" version of ""The Lion King"" this is where I'd start.Pros: Extremely sturdy and detailed.  Minus nuclear explosion we expect these to be passed down for generations to come.Con: This degree of detail and durability doesn't come cheap."
This is a great toy if you want to fuel your kids' imaginations. It took us about 25 minutes to put it together. At first, there were a couple of pieces in the wrong places; you have to pay attention to where the hinged gates fit. All of the pieces snapped in snuggly and all of them fit perfectly. The material is rugged and built to last. The roof is made to be removed so the kids can put in the animals and watch them inside the building, but the other parts stay together well.Be aware that no animals are included. The challenge, at least with my nieces and nephews, was deciding which animals to get. That's where this can really get expensive. We all felt we needed the whole family - mom, dad, and baby -- and lots of different animals, like elephants and giraffes and cheetahs and zebra and lions, oh my! I've spent some time on safari in Kenya, so I was just as excited as they were. And how are you going to pick up the injured animals if you don't have a truck and driver? As a side note, the giraffes aren't really proportional to the other animals -- they're too small. That being said, they do fit inside the nursery. Any taller, and they wouldn't.I just love that this toy gets the kids to imagine scenarios without having to rely on a video game. I only wish I'd had this set when I was a kid. (Was plastic even invented then?)I'm thinking our next project might be to make a stop-motion video with the set, a Vine video (not Amazon Vine). Maybe we'll even post it here someday.
"Setup was fairly easy.  My husband and I knocked it out together in 10 minutes.  The instructions only show pictures but I didn't feel words were even necessary so we both found it easy to assemble.  I was disappointed that the front deck did not attach.  I kept thinking something was wrong and kept trying to figure a way to attach it.  But this really is not a terrible thing.The product was packaged really well when we received it.  Each piece was individually wrapped so not to scratch the other pieces.  This is really an amazing work of art and looks so real.  I sent photos to my mom and sister and they were so amazed at how real it looked.The roof comes easily off so you can play inside.  There are several swinging gates so your animals can ""walk in and out"".  This is a great toy, worth the money if your children like to play pretend."
My first impressions of the animal nursery is that it is large.  At 2ft by 2ft, it takes up a large piece of the floor.  You won't want to take this apart and put it back together often, so make sure you have room for it or you will probably find it is annoying to put together over and over again. I'd also worry that over time, it if was disassembled and re-assembled again and again, that it would break.Once put together, it looks sturdy but there are some smaller pieces that just look like they are accidents waiting to happen, door latches, fence gate latches and door handles come to mind.  Perhaps they will hold up, but they look small and fragile to me.Once you figure out the relatively simple, but vague, directions - it goes together fairly quickly. Probably less than 10 minutes total.  And pretty much snap together.  One thing that I did not like was the way the front porch just sits up against the set, rather than attaching to it in some sort of snap-together configuration.  Not sure why that piece is just loose.The nursery looks VERY GOOD with realistic textures and colors and even the wood fences feel great and video-game realism.  No kid is going to complain about the look and feel of this set.The roof works well, it basically just sits in place and can be pulled off in vary degrees of coverage or no roof at all.  This allows really good access to the animals in the nursery.  And the set comes with no animals. I would think at the price of this set, it could come with a FEW starter animals... but we found plenty of animals in our daughter's toybox that worked just fine in the Schleich Animal Nursery.  Amazon is almost certainly not the best place to buy the Schleich Animals - most of them can be found cheaper elsewhere.In the end, I gave this four stars because it is very good but very pricey.  Knock it down to less than $80 and you'd have a full five star toy, at price points above $100 it starts to seem really pricey for all but the filthy richest of parents.  Perhaps if your child is REALLY into jungle animals or veterinary doctoring it would be worth the extra money...
"This realistic, sturdy, easy-to-assemble ""nursery"" can provide hours of imaginary play, serve as a decorative piece and has some educational value as well.  For the price you will pay for it - all that should be expected - but it is a relief that those qualities do manifest themselves.  One should be warned that the full ""investment"" for this set - including animals and other farm/nursery items to develop an entire scene will cost you a bunch - more than a Kindle tablet... but it may be well worth the investment to facilitate hours of imaginative free-form play.  Even if one may question the relative price/value for the piece, the sturdiness and the details in the construction should alleviate such doubts. Overall, a good value to serve as a center-piece of a scene...  (this will soon become as addictive as building cityscapes and rail-track scenes)."
What a fantastic toy.  Actually to call it a toy is not doing this justice.  It is a work of art.  Very good detail and very fun for my 6 year old daughter.  My only complaint with this toy is that we had to supply the animals to go in it.  You would think that it would come with at least an animal or 2 to get you started.  Other than that, it seems like it will last many years.
My daughter LOVES this! First, it is very durable and not at all difficult to put together. Yes, it took me about a half hour, but not because it was confusing. Second, my daughter loves playing with this. She already had a lot of toy animals, and the Animal Nursery has become the centerpiece for her playing with them. It seems very authentic, but I have never seen one in person, so how would I know? The roof is easily removed for play. With it one, it looks very cool and authentic. This is a great toy!
