Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
*UPDATE*  I have tried this game out once more with my son and husband and daughter after much pleading from my son.  With more people, this game is definitely more fun.  We revised the rule so that when someone makes a mistake, everyone gets to roll the die to see how far they move forward or backward.  That way, we all don't move the same number of spaces together.My daughter is 5 years old and this game is definitely too advanced for her.  She can't read the cards and she can't remember anything.  We just made her do the action on the card itself and not worry about anyone else.  The rest of us just added her action onto the list of things to do.I think what made it hilarious was my husband, who never acts silly, quacking like a duck.  He really got into it!  I would like to revise my review to give it 4 stars._________________________________________________________ORIGINAL REVIEW:Since I've gotten this home, I can't convince my husband to play it with my son and me.  It's supposed to be for three players or more and for ages 8 and up.  My son is 7, but he understood the game well enough.  I couldn't see why we couldn't modify it for two players, so my son and I played it.  He was happy to try it out.Everyone repeats what the last person does and adds on his own action that is on the card he draws.  When someone makes a mistake, he throws the die and moves backward that many spaces on the board.  The others move forward as many spaces as they have cards.  There are only 10 spaces.  With two players, the game ends pretty quickly.  Maybe that's why it's recommended for at least 3 players.My son thought some of it was hilarious, but he quickly tired of it and no longer wants to play it.I wasn't crazy about it.  I can see a lot of ties happening because all the players who move forward would have close to the same number of cards.  If anyone skips an action and no one catches it, it just get propagated.  If everyone forgets the actions and the players want to see what the action was supposed to be, they have to go around in a circle to see who had which card, assuming the players kept them all in order.I don't see adults in my circle wanting to play this game.  No one would want to act so silly.  Perhaps if my son had a birthday party or something, I could try it out again.As others have commented, I can see it being more fun without the board and with more people who want to act silly.  It would probably be a good kid's party game -- without the board.  Just elimiate one person at a time until you have a winner.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.01942504197359085,0.019532719627022743,0.018599873408675194,0.019939593970775604,0.01902545429766178,0.019622983410954475,0.019851502031087875,0.01917467638850212,0.019834520295262337,0.019005920737981796,0.01960538886487484,0.018801748752593994,0.018967442214488983,0.019404897466301918,0.01895138807594776,0.019418777897953987,0.0191461443901062,0.019212031736969948,0.019013382494449615,0.019229955971240997,0.01879415102303028,0.01944187469780445,0.019205741584300995,0.019267380237579346,0.01928170584142208,0.01845761388540268,0.01924007199704647,0.01919541321694851,0.018964681774377823,0.019079532474279404,0.019881315529346466,0.01924772374331951,0.01969332806766033,0.019291413947939873,0.019178908318281174,0.019147157669067383,0.01918884925544262,0.019807619974017143,0.019000297412276268,0.019976330921053886,0.01906179077923298,0.018905138596892357,0.01895933598279953,0.01814010739326477,0.019792260602116585,0.019105786457657814,0.01929658092558384,0.01933475024998188,0.019112879410386086,0.01847022958099842,0.019138628616929054,0.019577914848923683
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
What can one expect from a game that comes packaged in what looks like a box of cereal? Good question.The goal is to draw cards which command you to do certain things, such as say 'Boo' or act like an owl or walk and sound like a chimp. Then the next player does what you did plus what the next card commands and so it goes until someone messes up. At that point, those who did not mess up advance on the board and the guy/gal who did bad goes backwards as far as the throw of the die decides. Then you play another turn, and another, until someone reaches the finish line.After playing with 2 of my kids of 'pre-tween' age, one liked it moderately and the other disliked it moderately. I didn't find it much fun but I'm a grownup and the game wasn't targeted at me.However, what a grown up CAN do is judge the game from a design, clarity, originality and quality of materials point of view.The game looks and feels like it was made in a hurry. The rules are quite vague. For example, you are told that at the end of each turn you advance on the board as many steps as 'action cards' you hold but it does not tell you what you do with them after the turn is over. Do you keep them and you count them again on your next turn? It's not clear. Is 'skip a turn' an action card?The game looks as it was done on the cheap. The box is thin cardboard, consistent with the 'cereal box' aspect. The colors quite uninspired - think about how yellow, orange and light brown blend together. The cards are cheap paper too and the 'artwork' is not unlike the free Microsoft Word or PowerPoint clip art. The game board is even less original.To recap: the idea is moderately original, the rules are a bit vague, the design effort is non-existent, the quality of materials is poor.
"Repeat Pete has three types of ""action cards"":  some have you do an action (like looking through biniculors or flipping a coin), some have you do an action and sound (mostly acting like an animal), and some you simply say a phrase (like 'oh boy,' or 'what's up').  You need to correctly perform all the other actions before what's on your card.  Each player is supposed to do the action only once without showing his/her card to anyone else so you need to be paying attention.  Yes, it's a pretty silly game, but it's not all bad.  Trying to remember all the actions in the proper order can get fairly tricky and it can sometimes be fun when the other players are trying to copy an action without knowing exactly what it is they are acting out.Even though this game is better than I expected, I really don't see us getting it out all that often.  I should say, for what it's worth, that my family tends to prefer stategy games to party games.  If you like party games, this one is probably worth checking out, but Time's Up and Smarty Party are much better in my opinion."
Fun right out of the box. I played this game with my 9-year-old daughter and her 11-year-old friend. We had a great time, and probably improved our memory skills also. The rules are very simple: just remember what everyone did, in the order they did it, for each round. The first round is pretty easy, but the more you play, the harder it gets. For example, you can't remember if sound and act like a frog started this round, or the last round.As for durability, it's a good quality board, sturdy playing pieces and die, and basic, coated cards with the actions/sounds. It comes with a *huge* stack of cards, so it's a game you can play over and over. Even if some cards get repeated, it's going to be in different order, different people, etc. I think we'll be playing this for many years to come.
Let me start off by saying I enjoy most board games. Everything from strategy games, role playing games, to classics like monopoly and clue. My current favorite line of games just happens to the Cranium games. Repeat Pete is similar to those in the sense its definitely a good party game. In fact i would recommend it to anyone who enjoys charades. I played it with 3 people and we all had a great time. It's not the best game out there but would make a great addition to anyone's collection of games. I can't wait to play it at the next game night. It should be a blast with more people. I recommend it to anyone who loves party games.
I was prepared to dislike this game. I mean, come on, its charades in a box, right?  But, playing it with six family members (five adults and one older teen) my attitude changed dramatically. This is a real kick. It is a combination of memory, Uno and charades. We all really liked it, and will definitely play it again, preferably with a larger group.
This game couldn't be simpler -or more fun for families!  Each person draws a card, and mimicks the action on the card.  Then next person repeats the first person's action - then adds his own.  This keeps going until someone forgets an action.  This a perfect family game since no one has to read, and even our [...] year old can play.  We took just the cards on a long car trip, and a plane ride -- and it was great for both.  We didn't need the game component, just acting things out was a blast.  Works great when you're looking for something that people of all ages can do.
"REPEAT!!!Ok, sorry, but that's the first thing the name of this game made me think of. The game itself is very fun. I played with my two kids, aged 9 and 6. You need to pay attention to play this game, watch and listen and remember. Each person reads a card and performs the action or makes the sounds (or both) on the card. The next person repeats the last action/noise, and adds one more based on the card they draw. And so on. It keeps building until someone goofs up. Then everyone advances their markers (""pawns"") and the person that goofed up rolls a die to see whether their piece moves back 1, 2, or 3 squares. Whoever reaches the finish line first wins.The kids and I had fun acting out each of the cards. No matter whose turn it was, everyone had to pay attention, so that made it more fun than some games where you're just waiting for your turn to come around.All in all a good game."
ridiculous game that we never fully understood. my son did a few suggestions from the cards. It held his interest for about 5 minutes. This is a game you could probably play for free if you are creative enough. Save your money.Also, some of the suggestions were stupid and not always for kids.
"We played this game with two parents, a nine-year-old girl, and a six-year-old boy.  The game says it's for ages eight and up, but the six year old had no problems if the cards were read to him.The game consists of drawing a card and performing the action on the card (might be acting like animal, performing a very simple charade, saying a particular word, etc).  The next player then draws a card, and performs the first player's action and then his action.  Play continues and the sequence of actions to perform builds up.  When someone finally messes up, the other players advance on the board and the messer-upper goes backward.Our kids spent the game in hysterical laughter!  They were so amused by their dad meowing like a cat, or their mom snoring, or whatever.  It was kind of hard to keep their minds on the gameplay, because they just got too darn silly.  But that is their idea of a good game!  After the game ended, they grabbed the cards and made up their own little charades game.There are tons of cards.  You could play this game many, many times without reusing cards.  The cards are just the right difficulty for elementary age kids - we ran into only one or two where the kids asked ""what's that?"".The cards, board, and game pieces are of average quality, and should hold up just fine.  But the suggested price on this game seems much higher than on similar games.The game instructions say it's for 3 to 8 players.  But I think it would be difficult for a group much larger than 5 people or so.  If someone messes up at just 5 actions, the 6th-8th players wouldn't have even gotten a turn that round."
We got this game yesterday and my 10 year old son and 7 year old daughter really enjoyed the game. It is a fun memory game with easy directions. When you don't win around - you have to go backwards on the game - my 7 year old didn't like the rule.  I think it would be a fun game for all ages!  I think I will buy this game for Christmas gift for my neice.
"Repeat Pete is a fun and slightly silly game. It is the type of game that kids and even high schoolers will enjoy. Thank of it as ""Concentration"" meets ""Charades"" . In Repeat Pete players are given a card that describes an action or sound that must be made. As the play goes on each player must perform the sound or action in the correct order...i.e ""Smile"", ""Meow like a cat"", ""hop on one leg"" and so on until someone gets the sequence wrong.While this is fun for families, it may not be age appropriate for your office game party. FIrst of all there is no strategy - you simply memorize the actions and the order that they occur. Kids can do this for days...adults will grow bored after 20 minutes - think of the game ""Go Fish"".However, if you are a camp leader, leader of youth group, or even a teacher you may find ""Repeat Pete"" both fun and useful as a team building exercise. Another added bonus is that for these types of groups is that there is not any specific knowledge or talent that is required - so no one should feel left out.FInal verdict - great game for times that you are bored and feeling a bit silly. However, I would pass on ""Repeat Pete"" if you are trying to make an impression on your boss with an after dinner game! 4 stars."
A fun and challenging game! Repeat Pete combines charades and memory work in an exciting family/group setting. There are various subjects on cards that are played one at a time. You always have to add on to the person that went before you in addition to the card you just drew. Pretty soon you have to remember the correct order of action and sounds and repeat them all in the 45 second time allotment. It can get pretty crazy and fun! Great game to incorporate new people in a group gathering where we all look silly. Loads of fun. I greatly recommend!
Repeat Pete is a board game that asks each player to perform a task such as sounding like an animal, saying a phrase or acting an action out. The next player also performs the action and then adds one more, and it keeps going until someone messes up. It's a combination of charades and a memory game.  It can be very fun in the right atmosphere and with enough people. When played with just a few players, it isn't that fun but with several people playing it can be quite funny, especially if everyone is in a silly mood.I would recommend for a large family, friends or church group.
"""Repeat Pete"" will make you giggle! It is a board game where as ""Pete"" you draw an action card and perform the action stated on the card. After your turn,the next player ""Repete"" performs the action you did plus the action on his card. The next player performs the previous two actions in order plus the action on his card. This continues with each player until someone messes up. My kids really had fun playing this game and so did I! It comes with 267 action cards so you will never play the same game twice! Great family game for 3-8 players!"
"First off if you know anyone named Pete, you should buy them this game - it's in the instructions if there is anyone named Pete he gets to go first.  So Pete picks a card and acts out what is on the card (i.e. Snoring) then the next player picks a card and does Pete's action and then the action or phrase that is on their own card.  The pattern continues, they do Pete's card, then player number 2 then their own action and so on and so forth until someone messes up and does actions out of sequence or doesn't perform the right action.We changed the rules slightly for our 6 year old to play.  We had a picture card pile only.  Some cards you can make noise, some you cannot, some cards have pictures of things you have to do, some have a description.  When my father-in-law acted out a donkey we all lost it.  This game is crazy fun.  The first time out was a family game night ages ranging from 6 to 78. The second time we played it was a group of adults mid 20s to early 40s.Dislikes, the game says to allow the ""it"" person a reasonable amount of time to recall the actions.  Well we used an egg timer.  We gave the kids more time (though they probably needed less).  But some of the men we were playing with thought they were entitled to large quantities of time to think, so we broke out the egg timer and gave them a minute to collect their thoughts. Also the gameboard and method of tracking points seems a little lame and we didn't use the di.There is a game board and your pawns move by however many cards are in front of you when the action sequencing gets screwed up regardless of whether or not you stopped the action.  You can also just play for the sheer silliness of it."
We didn't play this game immediately after receiving it.  It was intended to be a Christmas gift for one of our family.  It sat, safely hidden, on a closet shelf away from the kid's eyes.  However, nothing is safely hidden from their eyes!We opened and played the game.  I'm happy we didn't save it to be a gift.  It isn't a well made game in terms of quality.  The cards and the board are far from Monopoly quality.  We often play a game called Indian Signs which is similar.  (Everyone makes up a sign such as sticking out a tongue, wiggling ears, etc., with the same premise as Repeat Pete.  Memorize each player's sign and repeat them whenever your sign is given by another player.)  It is free and just as much fun.The youngest of the kids enjoyed it (6-8 years old), the older ones (10-12 years old) have no interest in playing again :-(.  It is not a game that many adults will like for more than a few minutes.It is a game that you might be able to use to entertain youngsters for a few hours on occasion, but not one you are going to want to get out as a party staple.
Essentially this is a game where you repeat actions.  You get two decks of cards, game board, game pieces, and a set of instructions.  You pull a card, do the item (act, say, etc), and then the next person has to do that, along with drawing another card and doing that action.Honestly this game can get tiring pretty fast, and the board action (ie the part where you win) tends to be abandoned by us fairly soon, and we just delve into the stacks of actions.  Think of it as charades with a twist.
This game is so much fun you will want to repeat playing over and over. Easy to learn and quick to play your whole family will love this game. It says it is for 8 and older my my 6 year old could play with some help with the reading. Each turn consists of taking a card which instructs you to act out something from starting a driving a car, opening a door, shooting, or act and sound like an animal, or simply stating a word or words. Once you have picked your card, then you need to act out all the turns done before yours ending with the card you have just drawn. There are also special cards which reverse direction of play, skip a turn, or call for you to do two action cards back to back as the end of your turn. Progress along the board is slow, there are only 11 spaces to get to finish. You only move forward the number of cards you have picked up in each round. It was so much fun no one minded messing up. Infact no one wanted to win and this fun game to be over.
After playing this game, my 3 kids agreed that it was very amusing and fun. The cards are a bit flimsy and I wish that the game had an additional element of guessing what the person was acting out. Sometimes we copied each other without being really clear about what action we were doing. As it is, you simply mimic the person's topic or animal and try to remember as many in a row as possible. After playing the game, we put the board away and simply acted out the topics or animals to each other.The concept of the game is fun and I'm sure we'll play this again.
Can you remember it all - and keep a straight face while the other players howl at the moon, cry like a baby, and wash their pits? We sure couldn't!The premise of the game is simple - players perform an action or say a phrase depicted on the card. As play progresses, each player must repeat the previous actions in order, ending with their own. Mess up? Roll the dice and go back several spaces.Players of all ages who don't mind looking a bit silly will enjoy this game - it is easy to play and quick (~30 minutes give or take). However, I have reservations about playing mixed age groups - e.g. our nearly 10 year old versus his very young ;) parents. It placed him at a disadvantage - he had a very hard time remembering the phrases. Our 4 year old definitely was out of luck (although each round she drew a card and performed just her action). I objected to only 1 card - there was no way I was putting my hand in my mouth - so I pointed to my teeth instead. Turns out the hubby is a bit more competitive than I first thought - and did not readily admit he messed up (so keep your cards in order!). We did make some rules modifications - the game rules state that after a player messes up, the next player starts (meaning the messer-upper goes last). We had the messer upper start first, as to give him the advantage. One star off because it isn't fabulous in our mixed age set-up, the rules were a bit unclear (there are some special cards - do 2 actions, reverse direction), and some of the actions depicted were difficult to interpret. Plus, we weren't sure where to comfortably play it - for some things you need to be standing and want to see the player's feet, but there's also the game board to deal with. A tad awkward - we went for the floor.Moms and Dads! There are some hidden educational gems to this game. It forces kids to concentrate and pay attention to detail - this was my son's actual feedback - he felt he really had to concentrate hard! This is obviously an important skill in the classroom. But, he had a blast playing this game!And watching Mr. Cool Husband act ridiculous - priceless. I finally was last because I couldn't stop laughing long enough to pay attention. &lt;sigh>
"I actually had high hopes for this game, however once we started playing it those hopes completely disappeared.The rules of the game are very simple, draw a card, do the action on the card, go to next player, repeat until someone messes up.The problem I have with the game is that it doesn't require much skill or knowledge. The people playing were a 24 year old male, 53 year old female, and a 14 year old female. We started playing and quickly realized that this is more of a party game or suited for those of a younger age (I'd say it suited for 5-12 year olds to be honest with you).The whole time we were playing the game, ""Simon Says"" and Charades kept popping into our heads. And frankly this is just a board game version of those two games... 267 pre-chosen actions/events.On the plus side the game does move quickly, just like ""Simon Says"" and Charades does.In the end, I find that this game is better suited for younger people (even the 14 year old said she wouldn't play it again) or in a party setting where plenty of adult beverages are present.Pros:Moves quicklyGood for a chuckle or twoCons:Plays like ""Simon Says"" and CharadesNot educationalNot challengingVery low skill level required (just a good memory)"
"I picked this up thinking my husband and I could play with our 3.5-year-old son who is just starting to get into simple board games. Of course he has no interest in leaving the pieces on the board to see who ""wins"" but it's fun just to play and act out the cards. He thinks it's hilarious watching Mommy and Daddy and does really well at keeping up with us.The game works like this. You pick a card and act out what the card says. It may have you say something, do something physical, make some kind of noise, etc. Then the next person picks a card, repeats the action of the first player, and then acts out their card. The third person repeats the first two actions and then his own, etc. The first person to mess up the order or forget one of the actions ends that ""round"" and everybody gets to move their pieces along the board except the person who lost, who I believe has to move backwards (not sure on this as we didn't really keep track of score).The game is very simple to jump right in and play and there is a good variety of actions to perform. I do admit, there were a lot of laughs as I watched my son and husband act everything out and I myself felt quite silly most of the time. Our son really enjoys it, which was the biggest reason I picked it up, so I'm satisfied. Recommended for cheap family fun!"
This is a good party game. A lot of fun for the whole family.  Challenging and funny game to play.  Great for all ages.  Fun game to play with a group of people.
This is the BEST game to watch teenagers play!  I was lucky enough to observe 17, 16 and 15 year olds kids play this game for about 4 hours last evening and I have to say, I had more fun watching than I have ever had playing a game.  Mind you, I wasn't allowed to play, but  I am sure I would have kicked the butts!  Basically one person picks a card and acts out the directions, then the next acts the first persons card as well as there own and so on and so on.  The fun really begins when the 4th person and 5th person have to act out 6 cards! You can have up to 8 people, but we only had 5 and it was tough to keep up.  What is so fun is listening to the laughter and bickering about their acting skills!  I realize this review sounds nutty, but please believe me, if you have teenagers and want them to be able to play a game that truly engages them this is the one.  My home is the home they all come to and this game is now another reason for them to be here!
Pros:Memory Gesture based game that is pretty fun, but might get old fast to some.Takes about an hour to play.Cons:Some silent moments might dull the experience.
In our house, we try to play games together a couple of time a week.  My husband, my 12 year old, my 4 year old, and I gather in the game room and play cards, board games, sometimes hide and seek.  It is a great way to spend time together as a family, and everyone has a good time.Lately, the four year old has expressed interest in board games, so we have kind of reverted to Shoots and Ladders, Hi-Ho-Cherry-O, Hungry Hungry Hippos, Candy Land...you get the idea.  Today, however, we decided to take a risk and play REPEAT PETE.  And what fun we had.  Even though the box says REPEAT PETE is for  ages 8 and up, we ALL had a blast, including the 4 year old, who was actually pretty good at it.  Yes, someone had to team with her, but that was part of the fun.To play REPEAT PETE, the first player draws a card and then performs the action on that card.  The next player draws another card, and then performs the first action and the action on his card.  This sequence of action continues, each player performing all the actions in order, until some one messes up.  Then you count up your points and move your man around the board.  Easy and fun.As I said, my family had a total blast.  The wee one was great at remembering the order of the actions, and it is was a total hoot to watch everyone's interpretations of each action.  The afternoon was full of giggles and high hilarity, and it was a fantastic way to spend a rainy day together as a family.  I predict that REPEAT PETE will get lots of use in our house.  We all had such a great time.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
As you may have gathered from other reveiws this is a fun game. It is simple enough to learn and I have enjoyed playing it with my son 7 and husband.You basically act out the cards and repeat the previous players actions, you cant go wrong with this simple funny game.
I played this game with 3 other people; my husband and my parents.  The rules were super easy to learn.  Watching people preform out the actions was hilarious.  With 4 people the game was over pretty quick; the first game lasted maybe 15 minutes, the second game 20 minutes.  I would imagine with more people the game would last longer since it would take longer for people to accumulate points.My parents were concerned that being older, they would be at a disadvantage because their memory would be worse.  Well they ended up winning both games; so I guess that wasn't true :-)We all had a great time watching each other do the silly actions in this game.  There was much laughter, so much at times it was hard to keep playing.There are quite a few cards; we maybe got through 1/6 of the cards in the two games we played.  Still, I bet you see expansion packs for this game popping up if it is popular enough.As a quick, fun game this was great.  It would be great to play with kids since it involves some movement and people get to be kind of silly.There was only one thing that was lacking.  When someone got stuck but wasn't willing to admit that they had forgotten the next action it would have been nice to have a timer.  Maybe you could start the timer when they got stuck and they get 30 seconds to remember or something like that.  It didn't happen very much but occasionally the game play would get stuck while someone sat there and tried to remember.  We ended up waiting for the person to admit defeat but a timer would have made it more decisive.The only other complaint was that having everyone stare at you and expect you to remember everything was a little disconcerting and made some people feel kind of panicky.Other than those above comments this was a great game!
Patch's Repeat Pete board game takes the simple concept of memorization and makes it very difficult.  All you need to do to advance to the finish line is repeat every action or phrase of all of the people before you in order and then add your own action at the end.  Mess up, and you roll the die to see if you move one, two or three spaces back while everybody else moves forward based on the number of action cards in front of them.The game is very easy to play, but the actions aren't always easy to remember.  My daughter, who's seven, had a little difficulty with some of the actions and commands on the cards, but that has more to do with her reading ability than anything.  A child of eight years with solid reading skills should have no problem with this game.  Older kids might find the game's premise somewhat silly, but I think that once you convince them to actually participate in a game, they'll enjoy it more.  Adults, especially when combined with adult beverages, will have a blast trying to imitate and repeat the players before them.Overall, I think that Patch has an excellent game on their hands.  It helps youngsters (and adults) keep their memories sharp and will get the whole family laughing.  I highly recommend it.
This is a game my kids would have never chosen had I left it up to them. Doubtless they would have chosen something with fighting robots or lasers or sounds or hungry hippos. Something more mechanical. However, when Hurricane Ike rolled thru Texas in 2008 and we lost power for a week - this game got a lot of use.The basic premise is to draw cards and act out the action on the cards and then move forward on the board. You have to act out many actions sometimes (panting a fence, washing a window, singing, etc.) and my youngest (6) squealed with delight when it was her turn.Educationally not a lot of value but very fun, very simple and very very fast to start playing. Some board games take a lot of set up and then clean up - this one you can start playing in moments and it puts away very fast.High recommended for birthday parties, sleep overs, camp outs, etc.
"This game is a ton of fun. I played it with a mixed group of people ages 26-56. Other reviews have went over many times how the game is played. I'll focus on the benifits of playing it.Four ladies/young women sitting around the table that all of a sudden are getting up acting like animals, saying funny things, acting out all manner of actions. (acting like a snake with sound picture that) We laughed until we cried. I don't know when I have laughed so hard. I laugh even to think how we looked to others. And the way it looks when it gets to 8 things in a row it can be really funny.It is a great game for memory building and good belly laughs are proven to be good for the health, mind and body.The cards are well coated and very durable as is the board and game markers. I would say this game will withstand years of laughter giving fun.As we were playing one of the women's husand came in the house and thought we had lost our minds, jumping around like monkeys, evil laughing,swimming and saying ""gotcha"", in a word it's a HOOT.A word of warning...if you are over 50 you won't want to have a full bladder if you know what I mean. LOL"
"Okay......at first I though this game would be specifically for kids and would be a little too juvenile for adults.  That was until I sat down with my parents who are in their 50s and my siblings who are in their late twenties and mid-thirties to play it for the first time.This game is a scream.  Naturally, since participants have to act out many of the cards, and not everyone is a natural ""ham"" who loves being the center of attention, the first few plays will probably be a bit stiff.  Once however everyone relaxes and just enjoys the game, well that is when the fun really begins.The concept of the game is quite simple.  A player will start out by drawing a card and ""act out"" what is reflected on the card.  Every other player will then repeat what the previous person acted out and then they add their own new action from another drawn card.  This goes on and on until someone goofs up the sequence.  A board game is included with easy instructions to keep score.Unlike some card or board games that seem to last forever, this game probably only takes about 30-40 minutes to play.  If you enjoy unwinding on the weekends relaxing with family or friends playing some games, I would highly recommend including this one.  I thought this game was a lot of fun when we played only with adults and I truly believe it would be just as much fun (if not more so) with the incorporation of kids (the game suggest the minimum age should be 8 since some reading is required).The only down side to this game was that I laughed so hard that I had a headache by the time we finished.  Great game.....you'll have a lot of fun with this one."
I turned my parents and children on to this game when they did a little babysitting for me one weekend. I can honestly say that I was a bored with it, but the kids and grandma loved it!I agree with another poster that said the cards are a wee bit flimsy. And for the younger of the age group, the board part of the game was tedious and unnecessary. My daughter liked acting out the different things on the cards and my son liked to do grand gestures when he repeated.I think that my kids would appreciate a game more where you were asked to identify what was being portrayed and then played the repeat part. Perhaps that could be added to the board game portion as a bonus or something.Although it has its downside, the game was fun. After a while, they would just look at the cards and repeat the goofy faces and actions, adding a sounds and many giggles. All in all it was good for the family to play, but I won't be pulling it out in place of (what used to be) a Trivial Pursuit night or Pictionary, played with my adult friends.
I have a 6 year old and 8 year old and they were both really into this game for a few weeks!  I don't know if its due to regular lessons or part of this game that they couldn't put down for a few weeks, but my youngest actually ended up moving up in her reading group!
"I played this game with my 9 year old and when I was putting the game away she asked ""when can we play again?""  She also told me to give this game 5 stars.  You could use this game as part of a family game night, or a game at a birthday party.  That said, you DON'T need to have a kid to enjoy this game.  All you need is a few out going personalities (ex:you might have to act like a chicken or pretend to shovel snow).  I can't wait to bring this game to my next family party were most of the players will be over 45.  I know we will have a great time! FYI: With a good memory you will have fun and probably win.  If you have a bad memory, you will just have fun."
This game is great for family night, If you have children or not you will all have fun with this game. we set it as a regular routine for game night.
There is not too much to this game.  It's almost like the game you play as a kid where you try to remember a word/name, then the next kid repeats what you said and adds one more, then the next kid repeats BOTH before him and adds another, and so on until you get to the end.  It's not too much fun for adults.  Never tried it with kids, though.
This game was hilarious. We played as soon as we were thru with dinner and had so much fun, the kids didn't want to quit. This teaches attentiveness for the younger children. It was me and my daughter and her 2 girls, 4 & 7. The youngest had so much fun she wanted to do more. Needless to say my thought process wasn't as sharp as the younger ones but I had allot of fun anyway. I could see this game having allot of possiblities at an adult paty after a few drinks. You take a card and do as it says then the next person does the same as it goes around the table the things you do add up to allot of differnt things. Finally when someone can't remember everything we have a LOSER!!!!! This is extremely fun for all.....
My family is willing to do stupid things, and we frequently do so for the art of comedy.  Board games facilitate this activity when more structure is desired, with Taboo being the current favorite.  Repeat Pete is a simpler game that attempts to bring in the entire family by creating an extremely simple rule set and concept:  The first player picks up a card and does what it says (say a catch phrase, make a motion with sound, etc.).  The player to the left will then do what that person did and add a new action.  This continues until a long series of action is required.  There is no real need to do an action correctly, which leaves the game with a light atmosphere, and there is plenty of room to ham it up.  When someone fails to remember an action or does them in the wrong order, the round is over and players move ahead depending on how many times they performed the correct actions.  The evil doer who broke the pattern has to role a die and move backwards in shame.It really is that simple, and that is the primary draw of the game.  While more complicated games may not be good for the uninitiated, you can take Repeat Pete out and play through a quick game with almost no explanation or setup.  I do think that with only 3 people, the recommended minimum, it is likely that the person with the worst short-term memory will simply lose over and over.  The requirement to move backwards while the other players move forwards makes it all the more impossible for them.  However, because this game tests memory rather than IQ, which people can sometimes be embarrassed about, losing should not ruffle any feathers and the game is still enjoyable.  We also allowed my 3 year old nephew to have a turn, in which he drew a card and just copied some of our more memorable actions.  He enjoyed it and didn't feel left out, while we enjoyed his impersonations of our stupidity.While it may not be incredibly original, if you are interested in a lighthearted board game that can bring quick enjoyment to a mixed age group, it is likely that Repeat Pete will please you.
*UPDATE*  I have tried this game out once more with my son and husband and daughter after much pleading from my son.  With more people, this game is definitely more fun.  We revised the rule so that when someone makes a mistake, everyone gets to roll the die to see how far they move forward or backward.  That way, we all don't move the same number of spaces together.My daughter is 5 years old and this game is definitely too advanced for her.  She can't read the cards and she can't remember anything.  We just made her do the action on the card itself and not worry about anyone else.  The rest of us just added her action onto the list of things to do.I think what made it hilarious was my husband, who never acts silly, quacking like a duck.  He really got into it!  I would like to revise my review to give it 4 stars._________________________________________________________ORIGINAL REVIEW:Since I've gotten this home, I can't convince my husband to play it with my son and me.  It's supposed to be for three players or more and for ages 8 and up.  My son is 7, but he understood the game well enough.  I couldn't see why we couldn't modify it for two players, so my son and I played it.  He was happy to try it out.Everyone repeats what the last person does and adds on his own action that is on the card he draws.  When someone makes a mistake, he throws the die and moves backward that many spaces on the board.  The others move forward as many spaces as they have cards.  There are only 10 spaces.  With two players, the game ends pretty quickly.  Maybe that's why it's recommended for at least 3 players.My son thought some of it was hilarious, but he quickly tired of it and no longer wants to play it.I wasn't crazy about it.  I can see a lot of ties happening because all the players who move forward would have close to the same number of cards.  If anyone skips an action and no one catches it, it just get propagated.  If everyone forgets the actions and the players want to see what the action was supposed to be, they have to go around in a circle to see who had which card, assuming the players kept them all in order.I don't see adults in my circle wanting to play this game.  No one would want to act so silly.  Perhaps if my son had a birthday party or something, I could try it out again.As others have commented, I can see it being more fun without the board and with more people who want to act silly.  It would probably be a good kid's party game -- without the board.  Just elimiate one person at a time until you have a winner.
You roll a die, you move your piece, and you do whatever the game tells you to do. Oh, and you do whatever the person before you did. And so on, and so forth. Repeat Pete is a game of memory, but it was rather confusing for our eight year old (and we have a pretty smart eight year old). I would recommend this game more for the 10-13 year old range, who I could see having alot of fun with it. The cards themselves are pretty flimsy, and without good care you'll end up with missing or torn cards and game pieces under your feet (which don't feel too good, trust me). Overall, Repeat Pete may be a good gift choice, depending on who it's for. I just don't think the younger audience would have much fun with this one.
Simply: The game is fun, but requires a good memory for sequential order. If you are terrible at Simon (the lights/colors game) you will not like this.  It is also not ideal for the less than coordinated as some gestures require a bit of coordiation and dexterity. It is not the best game for very large groups or for small children with short attention spans. Probably best suited for about 12 and up, but even moreso for a teen to adult group. It may very well improve your sense of sequential order and will be easier to play over time as you learn the gestures. They will start to look more familiar to you.  I don't feel that there's a lot here matter-wise to justify the price tag, but that's pretty standard with board games. Usually just a little cardboard and plastic.  Overall, it's worth a try, but I wouldn't use it as the only game at a party.
My 8 year old daughter just loves this game. She begged to play it again the next day after we played it the first time. She's a bit shy, and acting out the actions and saying the phrases really had her coming out of her shell. We routinely made it up to around 15 cards total before someone goofed up. I was surprised how well she did remembering such a long string of things. A game doesn't take very long so you can play for a little while, or play multiple times. I think this game is great for kids, adults, as well as a mixture of the two. It makes a great party game. When we played we helped each other a little when we got stuck. We weren't real strict. I thought that worked well. As we got better we didn't help each other as much. Overall I recommend this game.
Repeat Pete is a great game to play when you want to get together with a bunch of friends or family to have some fun and act silly. It also has it's education value by helping children develop better memories.It is for 3-8 players and the goal is to repeat the previous actions of the other players in the exact order they were demonstrated. Like a combination of memory and 'Simon Says'.I would certainly say that the game is very fun the first time around especially with a lot of people.  Anything that requires you to do daft things and gets everyone laughing is good - right?However I would say it is more orientated towards adults than it is children and would be better in a party type atmosphere.  We had young children in our group that enjoyed it, the older children didn't so much but the adults did.For that reason, I am just not too sure about it's value as a family game.  Another concern is that it could get pretty repetitive after a while.In conclusion though, it is well worth a look at to anyone who enjoys fun type interactive games.
"Our five children are all six and under, so we had to adjust the game a bit. This is like Simon Says, but you do actions in order, according to the ""Pete"" who added an action in a series right before you.The board is nice and big and quite simple, and we were pleased with that. The children were intrigued as well, since the board spaces were large, and there were plenty of game pieces and color choices to go around.The main con is that the instructions were not as simple as the game. It took a little while to figure out what the die was for. When a player messes up the action sequence, everyone else moves forward according to the number of cards they have (the number of actions they've added to the series), but the mess-up person has to move backwards according to a roll of the die - this was a little de-motivating for my kids, but again, they're quite young for the game.All in all, a lot of fun, good memory practice, and not obnoxious or too long! Of course, it would've helped if everyone was a reader, but the picture cards were helpful for my three and two year olds.You won't be sorry - give it a whirl!Sra. GoseAuthor of Flip Flop Spanish: Ages 6-9: Level 1 (Book + Audio CD)"
"Repeat Pete! is a memory game--similar to Concentration--that challenges players to remember the actions of the players who went before.The first player draws a card and performs the action on it. The second player draws a card, performs the action of the previous card and then the action on the new card. This continues until someone messes up by forgetting an action or performing actions in the wrong order. There are also cards that complicate things by reversing the order players take turns, making players skip turns, or perform two new actions instead of one.I played this game with my family, and we found it a lot of fun, particularly my 12-year-old who was reduced to giggle fits. The actions can be pretty funny, and can include things like acting like a mouse, crying like a baby, and saying, ""What's so funny?""--in that order. It's a game the entire family or a group of giggly tweens can enjoy, and we plan to play it again soon.My only quibbles are that I'm not fond of games that make some players feel like losers--rounds end when someone messes up--and I prefer games adults can play on their own too. This also isn't a game for kids who can't yet read well, so if you have children under the age of eight, they will probably feel left out. It also works best with three to six players, which means you need to have the right number of people around who want to play it. But this is a fun game, particularly if you have a giggly tween in the family, and we look forward to playing it again soon."
"The premise of this game is remembering sequential events. This sounds much easier than it really is. My family (mom, dad, boys; 8 & 9) really enjoy playing games. My husband and I often play games with other adults when we have get togethers at one another's home. This game is going to be a smashing hit! It takes less than 5 minutes to learn and it's a riot from start to finish. Each turn consists of taking a card which instructs you to act out something from starting a lawn mower, to giving yourself a hug, opening a door, shooting pool (all sometimes with or without sound)..., or act and sound like an animal, or simply stating a word or words. It's kind of like the electronic game, Simon, but with the fun and complication of human interaction. Once you have picked your card, then you need to sequentially act out all the turns done before yours ending with the card you have just drawn. There are also special cards which reverse direction of play, skip a turn (which can be a good thing because then you won't be the one who screws up; that ends the round and not only do you not advance on the board, but you actually have to role the die to see how many spaces you have to move backward!), or call for you to do two action cards back to back as the end of your turn. Progress along the board is slow, there are only 11 spaces to get to finish. You only move forward the number of cards you have picked up in each round. We found we ""messed up"" a lot and thus often we only advanced one or two spaces for each round. We had so much fun playing that we didn't pay much attention to playing piece progress. It would be a shame if this unique game is overlooked."
I must say this game causes a lot of laughs.  My husband and I played with our two sons, ages 14 and 11, and we all at times were hysterical.  My sons loved turns that involved making noises, the stranger the better, and we all liked seeing how each other acted out things like playing pool.  However, I think the format is more like a fun party pasttime than a game.  Most members of my family (present company excluded!) are very competitive, and this game really is more just for laughs.  The game board is very simple, but still takes a while to complete, and after a while we were abandoning the repeating aspect of the game and just picking out cards and acting things out, as we started to not care who won.  My kids do want to play again, but my husband really doesn't.  I did have to realize that memory gets worse after age 40, as the adults certainly didn't measure up to the kids in that area!Overall, I think this would be something to buy for party fun or just as a catalyst for a family laugh.  If you are a serious board gamer, it might seem lacking.
"I played this with my children 6 to 9.  There are tons of other reviews, so I'll just share one concern.Every round ends when someone fails to remember the next card (action) to do.  Everyone advances on the board, but they have to roll a die and fall back.  This can be hard on a children - not only have they failed, but it gets rubbed in.  And everyone who was looking forward to their turn loses out as the round immediately ends, making it worse for that one child - especially if they don't have as good a memory as the others and are always repsonsible for ending the rounds, thus getting everyone annoyed because it never goes past a few actions.This could be changed by simply having everyone else continue, and advance by how many rounds they go - no one gets ""penalized"" for being ""stupid"".As I said, this isn't intended to be a complete review, but I do have one last comment - it seems to get old pretty fast.  How long do you want to memorize and repeat silly actions?  As I prefer thought-provoking games, it wasn't long before it became tiresome."
Repeat Pete has the same play element as charades.  It's more fun and involving than charades, but the central part of trying to depict something is there.I'm giving the game four stars because I think it's definitely a great game for certain kinds of people:  Families, kids, and parties (which may or may not involve alcohol).  It's definitely not for me, but I don't want my subjective opinion to taint the game's rating.This game is not for people who are self conscious or don't like acting silly.  I've played games like Pit (everyone acting like a stock trader all at once) which can be very silly while still being competitive.  Repeat Pete was too far over the line for me to enjoy it.  I have the same reaction to Pictionary. But again, I can see that this game would be great for others, especially families with young children.
This game is the same premise from when you were younger and you would mimic another person.  It is very juvenile... the good part is that it really entertains young ones.  The bad part is that my younger children that can't read on their own can't take part in the game.  As others have stated... the cards are indeed flimsy and I see it not taking well to oily fingers/sweaty hands.For adults, it can get very old... unless you have very competitive adults that want to outdo one another.  That is the only reason that my husband and I enjoy it!  What I honestly feel is that this would be a great game for when adults gather and drinks are involved!  Only then do I feel that it would keep adults entertained for more than 15 minutes or a few rounds.I chose this game because I love to build up our board game arsenal for our kiddies aged 2, 4 and almost 6.  This isn't the game for them, atleast not at this point.  Give it a try, but not at this price point.  You can play this game without a board game for free.
Our family never get bored playing board games - be it monopoly or playing cards, chinese chekers ....'Repeat Pete' was a bit of fun only when we played it for the first time, the second time around, it was too boring - neither is there a challenge in the skill, nor is a fun game to play - the only skill that you need is a bit of short term memory in remembering what the previous player played.You will have to pick a card from a pile of cards, play/sound the action on that card, then the next person play, repeats the action you played + plays the action he/she got on their card - someone messes up by not repeating the previous person's action/sound - it is that simple, boring and not requiring much of a skills.You are better off with a set of playing cards which offer so much variety and fun.
