Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
"I wasn't sure I'd like this much upon first sight, but once I tried it out a few times I decided it had promise.  The ""foam"" is not soft, but rather fairly stiff.  It measures 8 3/4"" x 9 1/2"" at its widest points and 1/2"" deep, giving the player ample protection to his or her hands.According to Baseball Player Magazine, ""Each and every play is different, but the decision to use one or two hands inevitably comes down to being in the most athletic position. The use of two hands is best suited for taking a routine groundball. During the routine type play, a good infielder will actually deflect the ball to their throwing hand thus creating a quick transfer. The glove doesn't even have to close, and the glove is positioned so the fielder can catch the ball off the palm or flattest part of the glove. Completely flat training gloves with no fingers or pocket are a great training tool to learn how to deflect.""This is a ""completely flat"" training glove that will get the young player used to using two hands, especially when fielding grounders.  Perfect for young players!FEATURES:~  Reinforces the use of two hands and the player getting his body in front of the ball~  Great practice for turning two on the field~  Fits either hand~  Appropriate for all levels of baseball~  For baseball or softball~  Soft foam construction~  Comfortable elasticized strapsSKLZ Baseball/Softball Training Aids:SKLZ Hit-A-Way Swing Target Swing Trainer(Youth)SKLZ Hit-A-Way PTSSKLZ Softhands - Baseball Fielding TrainerSKLZ Quickster Net - Portable Quick Assembly Multi-Sport NetSKLZ Mini Practice BallsSKLZ Reaction Ball - Baseball Agility TrainerSKLZ Hit-A-Way Baseball Swing TrainerSKLZ Lightning Rod - Speed Training Baseball Swing TrainerSKLZ Power Stick - Overload Strength Training BatSKLZ Power Handle Bat Handle Resistance Trainer"

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.07641500979661942,0.07564182579517365,0.07919656485319138,0.07806876301765442,0.0775609016418457,0.07320716232061386,0.07687460631132126,0.07751329243183136,0.07911951094865799,0.07716943323612213,0.0774058923125267,0.07500095665454865,0.07682599872350693
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
I thought this fielding trainer would be a great training tool to help nurture my niece's natural athletic ability, but I think it will need to go back on the shelf for a couple of years. The material is so stiff that it would be frustrating for most t-ballers to use for training. Only the most devout tiny players would want to work through the trial and error using this product would provide. \An older child, maybe 7 to 8 who loves baseball would be more accustomed to practice making perfect and work through the breaking in and adjustment period.
What a nice way to teach novices how to catch!  This mitt slips on the fingers much like a glove, but at first the stiffness takes some getting used to.  With much practice this mitt will soften without losing the protective padding for the hand.  While I can not speak for this item's durability, this is an effective way to teach catching without breaking the bank.This mitt is best used on preteens.  Children younger than ten may have trouble getting the hand into the finger holds.
"I wasn't sure I'd like this much upon first sight, but once I tried it out a few times I decided it had promise.  The ""foam"" is not soft, but rather fairly stiff.  It measures 8 3/4"" x 9 1/2"" at its widest points and 1/2"" deep, giving the player ample protection to his or her hands.According to Baseball Player Magazine, ""Each and every play is different, but the decision to use one or two hands inevitably comes down to being in the most athletic position. The use of two hands is best suited for taking a routine groundball. During the routine type play, a good infielder will actually deflect the ball to their throwing hand thus creating a quick transfer. The glove doesn't even have to close, and the glove is positioned so the fielder can catch the ball off the palm or flattest part of the glove. Completely flat training gloves with no fingers or pocket are a great training tool to learn how to deflect.""This is a ""completely flat"" training glove that will get the young player used to using two hands, especially when fielding grounders.  Perfect for young players!FEATURES:~  Reinforces the use of two hands and the player getting his body in front of the ball~  Great practice for turning two on the field~  Fits either hand~  Appropriate for all levels of baseball~  For baseball or softball~  Soft foam construction~  Comfortable elasticized strapsSKLZ Baseball/Softball Training Aids:SKLZ Hit-A-Way Swing Target Swing Trainer(Youth)SKLZ Hit-A-Way PTSSKLZ Softhands - Baseball Fielding TrainerSKLZ Quickster Net - Portable Quick Assembly Multi-Sport NetSKLZ Mini Practice BallsSKLZ Reaction Ball - Baseball Agility TrainerSKLZ Hit-A-Way Baseball Swing TrainerSKLZ Lightning Rod - Speed Training Baseball Swing TrainerSKLZ Power Stick - Overload Strength Training BatSKLZ Power Handle Bat Handle Resistance Trainer"
This little piece of foam works great for anyone who needs to learn to catch.  It is cheaper than other training gloves; and works well to get you to use both your hands when catching the ball.  Perfect teaching your child to play catch or for the younger ones who have just started on a team.
I was playing catch with my son while he was trying to use this the other day and he did not care for it. He did not like the way the spongy material felt on his hands. If he dont like it it will end up on a garage shelve not to be used again.
I had the chance to try this out and I'm actually impressed by it. This is simply put a foam ramp with elastic bands on the back where your fingers slide into on one hand, the use of this is the ball comes towards you, you put this on the ground as a ramp and then use your second hand to stop/catch the ball. It's executed well, build quality is high considering your paying around $10. Definitely recommend it if you need help coaching your kid on how to field balls.
"This is another one of SKLZ's baseball training devices. This is a foam baseball mitt that cannot catch the ball. What it does is force you to use two hands to catch the ball and develop quick soft hands. This type of training glove is made by all  major baseball equipment companies in leather or synthetic leather but is quite a bit more expensive.Construction: It's a 3 layered piece of heavy foam about 5/8"" thick with elastic bands for fingers on the backside. It's pretty sturdy.Comments: It works pretty well. A leather/synthetic training glove is more substantial but you can buy a bunch of these and give them all to your fielders without breaking the bank.Summary: A nice and inexpensive foam fielder training glove."
We got this for my daughter who plays softball, but often forgets to use both hands when fielding.  This is a great little trainer, it fits her small hands and my larger hands and makes it impossible to catch the ball without using both hands.  The foam is flexible enough you can catch the ball, as long as you use both hands.  If you have a softball or baseball player who needs a little help remembering to use both hands, this is a great tool!
"I've got a young-un interested in baseball.  We've done some city-sponsored summer baseball camps that use various fielding trainers.  For little ones (under age 8, especially) I think this stiff-foam-rubber version of a fielding trainer is superior to rigid plastic ones.You may be asking, why use a fielding trainer at all?  Why not just use a glove?  These flat fielding trainers make it impossible to field grounders by simply scooping up the ball with one's glove.  The fielder must get into a good fielding position and use both hands to retrieve a grounder.  This helps train muscle memory to improve one's posture and field grounders effectively.This trainer isn't stout enough to field hard grounders hit with a bat - it may sting little hands.  You'd want to just toss grounders to your little ball player.  It's got elastic finger holes and straps that will fit most hands (my little guy and I can both make it work) with a comfortable fit.  The foam rubber surface is tough enough for several hundred grounders, I'm sure.  I find it better than the rigid plastic variety simply because it mimics a glove's ""feel"" better with the added benefit of providing a little ""give"" taking some ""mustard"" off the ball.If you've got a little one interested in baseball (or softball) and want to lock in proper grounder fielding technique, this fielding trainer will certainly help and not break the bank."
I'd never heard of this concept for training catching, but it works great.  I'm happy with the product, but was even more glad to learn about this training concept.  My kids are really learning the mechanics of catching with the help of this tool (and come clones that we fabricated).
Having learned to catch with a glove, I wondered would this be helpful.  And after trying it out, I'd personally try and teach a kid to use a glove verses this trainer.  If the child had trouble learning with the glove, only then would I try this trainer.As for the construction, the trainer does not bend, is held in place by wide elastic bands,  and can be used with either hand.
If you child is interested in playing ball then this is the perfect training glove to help him/her to learn how to catch and get used to the initial stiffness that comes with a baseball glove.  Two handed catching is used here and helps the child learn what part of the glove will get the better catch.  It's a heavy foam and quite sturdy so that those small hands get the ball easier.  Great Christmas gift here folks that's not going to break the bank.
This trainer was a complete failure for us. I tried using it to field balls. It is a piece of stiff foam rubber with finger straps. It seems like a lot of money for what it is constructed with. It has no flexibility and in many instances the ball rolled up it like it would have on a stiff board. Two of my grandsons tried it and just did not get how this would help, neither did I.A soft flexible glove would begin training in the correct practical manner and then teach using two hands at the same time.As I said I just do not get how this is a viable trainer, it sure did not work for us.
