Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
This looked like fun, had it worked even remotely as described/imagined it would have been great... instead I have a hard time giving it a one star rating, if it was priced under ten dollars I might even give it 2 stars for it's 3 mins of entertainment value alone when it basically chases you around your house and you run laughing and screaming but for the price I can't recommend this at all.First of all it takes 6 AA batteries in the charging unit, and they last you hardly any time at all making trying to have any fun with this very expensive. It is basically an unprotected very high speed fan (watch out for your hair ladies!) housed with styrofoam.You charge it (up to 1/2hr) then turn it on, supposedly it will drift up then down and back up to calibrate itself and then you can play with it... ours just zoomed to the ceiling and stayed there.... time and time again (ok maybe 4) until it had drained its power down (under 2 mins here folks) that it came down some... we put our hands under it and yes it would go back up to either bounce off the ceiling again or to go the other direction (you CAN NOT control where it goes at all) and bang into something thus flipping itself over  and flying across the room like a rabid june bug and flipping on its back daring you to try and scoop it up and over w/o having it wreck havic on your fingers. Fun eh?Did I mention it was LOUD, super loud... scare your cat loud which is good as I can imagine what this might do to a tail.By the 3rd time we charged it (the prior charges lasting less then 5 mins) it barely ran for a min... these were brand new brand name batteries. I'm tempted to let it free outside knowing its tendency to keep raising up however given the short battery life I'm sure we couldn't manage to lose it if we tried.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.1566733866930008,0.17345145344734192,0.16786788403987885,0.16562260687351227,0.16563871502876282,0.17074596881866455
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
The Air Hogs Vectron Wave will certainly disappoint if you are expecint all the tricks off the TV commercials.  Why?  Because it'll probably cost $50 in batteries to get as skilled with the Vectron Wave as the kids shown in the commercials.  The first time my son ran the toy, after about an hour charge, the toy lasted for app 10 min.  The second time, it lasted half that and the third and forth times it last for about a minute or two despite the toy being charged for several days.Despite this, it could be fun - if it did more than just go up and down.  That was fun, for the few minutes it actually ran, but it would take hours of practice to get it to anything besides going straight up and down as the slightest angle causes the Vectron Wave to flip over and crash - exposing the rapidly spinning platic blade to little hands and body parts (how's that for accident waiting to happen with inquisitive 6 and 3 yr olds running around).Overall this thing was a good idea, and could be really fun, but it needs a cord charger rather than via the battery method.  With the battery charge method, all you have is a expensive paper weight after the second or third day out of the box.  VERY unimpressed!!!
This looked like fun, had it worked even remotely as described/imagined it would have been great... instead I have a hard time giving it a one star rating, if it was priced under ten dollars I might even give it 2 stars for it's 3 mins of entertainment value alone when it basically chases you around your house and you run laughing and screaming but for the price I can't recommend this at all.First of all it takes 6 AA batteries in the charging unit, and they last you hardly any time at all making trying to have any fun with this very expensive. It is basically an unprotected very high speed fan (watch out for your hair ladies!) housed with styrofoam.You charge it (up to 1/2hr) then turn it on, supposedly it will drift up then down and back up to calibrate itself and then you can play with it... ours just zoomed to the ceiling and stayed there.... time and time again (ok maybe 4) until it had drained its power down (under 2 mins here folks) that it came down some... we put our hands under it and yes it would go back up to either bounce off the ceiling again or to go the other direction (you CAN NOT control where it goes at all) and bang into something thus flipping itself over  and flying across the room like a rabid june bug and flipping on its back daring you to try and scoop it up and over w/o having it wreck havic on your fingers. Fun eh?Did I mention it was LOUD, super loud... scare your cat loud which is good as I can imagine what this might do to a tail.By the 3rd time we charged it (the prior charges lasting less then 5 mins) it barely ran for a min... these were brand new brand name batteries. I'm tempted to let it free outside knowing its tendency to keep raising up however given the short battery life I'm sure we couldn't manage to lose it if we tried.
"I was incredibly disappointed with the Vectron Wave from Air Hogs.  (See my posted photographs of the boxed toy.)  I took it on numerous trial flights during the Thanksgiving Holidays.  My seventy-five-year-old dad assisted me and kept calling it a ""piece of junk.""  Neighbors stared open-mouthed at me as though I was crazy while I chased it through the yard, trying hard to keep it from colliding with trees and bushes.  The back of the box reads, ""This incredible indoor UFO hovers and avoids objects in any room as if by magic!""  Don't believe it.  The Vectron Wave seems to be attracted to tall objects.  At one time, it landed on top of my parents' roof and, fortunately, it tumbled down.I would never fly the Vectron Wave inside my apartment.  The User Instruction Guide reads, ""Fly in a wide open room, away from breakable items.""  (I have posted all four pages of the guide.)  Unless you live inside the Houston Astrodome, you shouldn't play with it inside your home.  Even the CAUTION reads, ""DO NOT launch Vectron Wave near people or animals.  Stay away from obstacles and electrical hazards.""  You also shouldn't fly it near fans or vents.  When flying it outdoors, wind and bright light will affect it.  In my experience, I've learned that just a slight breeze will cause it to be carried away and eventually crash.  I flew it once in a church parking lot and it hovered for about ten minutes; however, a slight breeze made it continue to fly farther and farther from me.  The perfect flying environment is a huge parking lot, like at the mall, on an overcast day when there is no wind, not even a slight breeze.Now for the worst part of the Vectron Wave.  It won't stay charged for more than ten to fifteen minutes.  I usually have about ten minutes of frantic, crazed fun trying to keep the Vectron Wave hovering above my outstretched hands, fighting to keep it from going into a tree or bush, before it begins to die.  Then it has to be charged for at least thirty minutes before it can be used for another ten to fifteen minutes.  (See posted photograph of charging.)  The Vectron Wave is comprised of flimsy, light-weight Styrofoam and plastic and I kept fearing that it would break on one of its test flights.  I flew it once with my two nephews, Jordan and Jacob, who are twelve and fourteen, respectively, and they weren't impressed.  However, they thought it was funny when it crashed on the roof.  I didn't.  Also, pushing the red button on the charger was horribly ineffective in stopping the toy from flying.I can't recommend purchasing the Vectron Wave from Air Hogs.  It is more work than fun; however, I did get about ten to fifteen minutes of intensive exercise whenever I was frantically chasing it.  Ten to fifteen minutes of exercise in my busy schedule is better than none.  Also, my dad and I got to spend some quality time together.  However, I believe that a remote controlled car, helicopter, plane, etc., would be more fun, educational and productive.  The Vectron Wave is not the type of toy to give to one's child for having a joy-filled afternoon at the park.  After all is said and done, I can't believe I wasted six AA batteries on this ""piece of junk.""Joseph B. Hoyos"
The kids say: It's a really fun toy because you can come up with a bunch of games and play catch with it.  It would be better if the battery lasted longer.Mom says:  The kids couldn't wait to open it.  They had seen the commercials on TV and were excited.  After they tore it open, they were disappointed that it had to charge.  I figured that would be it for the evening, but no, they kept checking on the charge and got busy playing with the Vectron Wave as soon as it was ready.  It worked great and they had a lot of fun for 5-10 minutes before the battery died.The idea of the toy is great!  It is a lot of fun and it's a great way to get kids moving indoors.  The big disappointment is that it can't hold a charge for more than 5-10 minutes.  Then it must be recharged for up to 30 minutes before it is ready for another round of play.If the charge lasted a bit longer, it would be a 5 star toy.
Unfortunately this toy does not live up to the hype and advertisement.  It only hovers in the air it does not glide or can be controlled to move sideways with the hand, there is not much to do but watch it hover.  The controller/recharger was also made of cheap plastic material that is easily broken, one of the battery door latches already broke which is why you need to unscrew the door to place batteries in.  This is a boring one trick toy, that does not even come close to expectation.
The kids were so excited to try this new Air hogs toy since we enjoy most of their products. It was exciting to see that the inital charge would only be a half hour (some of their other products took up to two hours to charge) and it was relatively a simple start up process. The instructions stated that once turned on, the unit would perform a quick raise, drop and raise again, which I was expecting a few inches off the ground and not a quick jump to the celieng, then mid air, then back up again startling the animals and making us all laugh at the sight. We then placed our hand under the spinning rotors to see how the hovering worked. It may take us a while to actually get the tossing feature correctly, but the charge was gone after ten or so minutes and the battereis never lasted after two charges. I recommend using the rechargable batteries instead of running out to the store during a rush to pick some up. Also, the box mentions that it can be used inside but wvwn though we do have vaulted ceilings, the product still crashed into the ceiling and walls and we were afraid that damage would occur to the toy so we moved it outside and away from trees and branches. I don't think the object sensor worked very well since it did bump into many obstacles. It would have been a 5 star review if the developers could make the product last at least a half hour or so.
