Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
As long as you make sure to keep the cutter perfectly flush against the paper and a hard surface, it works just fine. If you don't-it will tear the paper. Simple as that. It is not a miracle by any means and I'm not really sure how long the little blade stays sharp for, but it is a decent product that works pretty much as well as a pair of good, sharp scissors.  At times, it may be more of an annoyance than an actual help, but it all depends on usage I guess.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.015920454636216164,0.01675635762512684,0.017947930842638016,0.016975469887256622,0.017639202997088432,0.018114227801561356,0.017987223342061043,0.018023690208792686,0.018640974536538124,0.017941033467650414,0.017415734007954597,0.01793772354722023,0.017648562788963318,0.01834234409034252,0.018002646043896675,0.017422210425138474,0.018270783126354218,0.0178848784416914,0.01787785440683365,0.01869601011276245,0.018499774858355522,0.019085297361016273,0.01747443713247776,0.01821502484381199,0.01790083386003971,0.017920661717653275,0.017333408817648888,0.016510339453816414,0.016671085730195045,0.017429862171411514,0.017709989100694656,0.018713198602199554,0.01752769947052002,0.017531869933009148,0.018231390044093132,0.017416462302207947,0.01830453984439373,0.018357768654823303,0.01843649335205555,0.017119107767939568,0.017662255093455315,0.017772240564227104,0.018300337716937065,0.018481643870472908,0.017602484673261642,0.017591390758752823,0.01807834766805172,0.017328010872006416,0.017590060830116272,0.01811523176729679,0.017967836931347847,0.018049810081720352,0.01858046092092991,0.019159069284796715,0.018086139112710953,0.01780012622475624
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
Wrapping presents is always a bit of a pain, and I thought that anything that makes it easier is well worth the cost. Well, for the most part I did not find this tool very helpful. Basically, it's a cutting blade on the end of a stick, which you slide along the paper, theoretically cutting in quick and easy manner.As for me, I was not completely impressed with the results. Often the paper cut just a quickly and neatly as the commercials show, but sometimes something went wrong and the paper bunched and tore. I suspect that my problem was that (unlike in the commercials) I was cutting on a non-firm surface (a bed, to be exact), and the paper was thin rather than being thick and firm.So, under the right circumstances this does cut very well and quickly, but under the wrong circumstances it does not cut as well as does a pair of scissors.(Review of Scotch Gift Wrap Cutter)
"I really like that this has a thin foot that goes between the paper and the package. It helps to keep the paper raised off the present and any shrink wrap. You can cut the wrapping paper more exact and that makes for a nicer, neater looking wrapped package. The blade is completely hidden. You can't cut your finger if you try. I can even let my three year old ""help"" me without worry. I wish I'd found this tool years ago."
I got this tool to help Christmas wrapping go a little faster.  It works pretty well.  It cuts across the paper fast, if the paper has no creases.  If the paper is creased at all, it can cause it to tear.This tool can't completely replace scissors as it does not work will for trimming excess from the edges.  But over all, a good, sharp tool to use.
I am glad I picked up this product. It is 7:00 PM on December 24, 2009 and I just finished wrapping 30 presents for family and friends. I clocked in under 2 hours and I have no doubt that this little $7 tool helped immensely. It is very easy to use and unlike scissors it did not ONCE get caught causing the wrapping paper to tear. It made every cut very fast and easy, whether it was trimming down the ends as happens on either side during wrapping, or cutting it right off the roll. My presents look better, and I for once don't have any paper cuts. I used less wrapping paper as well.
To begin, it cuts like butter.  There is an exacto-knife type blade that is covered by plastic. I think it is probably easier than scissors for straight cuts on wrapping paper. It might be good to cut things out of the newspaper, though I am used to using scissors. However, I probably would not recommend it for that just based on the packaging saying that it is good for wrapping paper. Overall, I think this is a good product for what it is recommended for, though I personally have completely moved away from wrapping paper and into reusable bags.
I got this for the holidays - in the hopes that it would speed up that dreaded chore: wrapping.  And it did, as long as I was prepared.If you have an uncluttered table or flat surface that you can lay your paper out on, then great - this baby slices faster, easier, and straighter than scissors.  BUT, if you're balancing the gift on your lap, while you're watching TV & folding laundry to boot, and you're trying to hold an unwieldy paper roll and just lop off a piece to wrap with - scissors are better.  At my house, the former is the best possible scenario and the latter is much more likely.Another thing I don't love is that this is yet another disposable product.  I don't see it lasting nearly as long as a good pair of scissors (surely the blade will dull soon), and I don't like the thought of just tossing it out (& buying a new one).  In these times, when using wrapping paper anyway is starting to make me uncomfortable, and I am trying to think of alternative materials to 'wrap' in, I don't like the idea of buying yet another disposable product.But, bottom line is that it works as advertised.
Cutting wrapping paper with a scissors is generally an annoying process. You can either go cut cut cut along the full width, or try to get that perfect angle where the scissors glides and cuts across the paper . . . until it doesn't. And then the paper sort of jams up and tears between the scissors blades. Well, cry no more tears over ruined wrapping paper, the Scotch gift wrap cutter is the right tool for the job. It slices across the paper with no snags. Works perfectly and cuts cleanly. If you're going to be wrapping a lot of gifts, you'll want one of these in your hand.
If you are wrapping a large package and have a large flat work space, the cutter speeds up the process.  For a small job, small work area, or curvy cutting, stick to scissors.
It's truly amazing how something so simple can be so great. This product performs the tasks of scissors with the ease of an X-acto knife. However, unlike the X-acto knife, you really don't have to worry about cutting a finger or any other major safety concern. The general uses of this product are to cut wrapping paper, coupons, and magazine pages for recipes or cataloging. In essence, anything that is paper, and doesn't require great precision this product is excellent for you. If you need more precision than a sloppy straight line, you're better off using scissors. I did want to see what else I could use this product on, so here are my results...Parchment paper = works excellent if you don't mind waxy build up on the blade.Fabric = Um, no unless you like your fabric with a fine snagged look.Kitchen foil = It works, but you have to imagine that this increases the rate that the blade dulls.Document envelope opener = ExcellentIn summation, this product can't really equate to the usefulness of scissors. However, if you're really into crafts and/or a lot of gift giving. Then this little tool will be perfect for your craft tackle box.
I did a lot of wrapping this past Christmas season and before I got the Scotch Gift Wrap Cutter, I often had a hard time cutting the paper straight and often got those jagged cuts with the scissors would trip up. So I was excited to try the Scotch Gift Wrap Cutter to see if it would help me out. I found that I really liked the product. The concept is pretty easy-hook the paper in and start cutting away. My one dislike about the product was that I found it hard at times to get the paper into the cutter, which resulted in a little bit of bunching at the bottom of the paper where I was tugging the paper into the cutter. But once I got the paper in, it was really easy to cut the paper. I also found it easy to stay straight with the cutter than when I cut wrapping paper with scissors.So this product may not work for everybody but I found it to be a great new way to cut wrapping paper and I plan on using it in the future for birthday's and next Christmas.
If you know how to use a pair of sharp scissors, then you don't need this.  However, if you have kids who want to help and you aren't too crazy about them using your super sharp scissors, then you need this.  The blade is sharp, and you can easily cut wrapping paper with this as long as you have the piece of paper flat and tight.  It does help make cutting wrapping paper faster, but you can do the same thing with a scissor.The one plus with this is that if you have little kids, they can help you and you don't even need to supervise them.  I let my nephew help me out while wrapping gifts and he was loving slicing paper with this.  He didn't do it as well as the commercials make you think you can with ease, but I didn't have to worry about him cutting a finger.It's a good product, and like some reviewers here have mentioned, it would be an even better deal if you got more than just one for your money.
This is a reasonably good paper cutter.  It's sold as a gift wrap cutter but it works fine on any mid to low weight paper.  It's not really any better than cutting with scissors, but if you are cutting around small children it's a lot safer: I can't see how a kid could cut themselves with it.  Other than that there's no particular reason to swap our your scissors for this.
I didn't get this in time for Christmas wrapping, so I didn't get a chance to use it to the extreme that I wanted to really test it. However, I did eventually test if for wrapping some birthday presents in January and February.Now normally I use a pair of electric scissors for wrapping my gifts, because they zip right through any wrapping paper that I use. Electric scissors are much more expensive then the Scotch Gift Wrap Cutter, but I do think this little gadget does quite a good job for the price. It did kink up a couple of times. The razor is very sharp, and it will zip through the wrapping paper as long as it is held straight out. Where the electric scissors with just zip through everything. If you don't want to spend money on electric scissors, then I would suggest this item for faster wrapping.
I LOVE this little thing!  It's super sharp - it cuts like a hot knife through butter.  And you can use it one handed, which is absolutely crucial when wrapping gifts.  I've used it heavily over the past two months and there is no sign of the blade dulling, paper hangups, or anything like that.  I love that you can turn this thing on a dime when cutting, which is unlike using a cumbersome pair of scissors.  You can get pinpoint accuracy trimming paper, and you can even use it to cut shapes for decoration.  I really don't know why anyone would use scissors after using this thing - just get it!
Love this little gadget! Much more convenient than my clunky scissors and zips through wrapping paper like a hot knife through butter. It made wrapping presents this holiday season much easier, and thus, more enjoyable. Recommended.
My biggest problem when it comes to wrapping gifts is that I never seem to cut straight.  I try and try, but something is always a bit crooked!  Well, I have that problem no more!  The Scotch Gift Wrap Cutter makes my cutting lines much straighter!  It comes in an easy to open package and is ready to use instantly.  The cutting edge is hidden away, making this safe for those kids who want to help you wrap.  The  blade, for that reason, is not replaceable, but should last quite a while. For those who like to curl ribbon, it also has a ribbon curler attached.  I love this little wrapping device and recommend it.
"I know you've seen this item in the store and said to yourself, ""why do I need this two dollar gadget when I have a perfectly good pair of scissors at home?""  I thought the very same thing, until I actually used the Scotch Gift Wrap Cutter.  It's basically a little scalpel blade tucked into a plastic arm shaped like a razor blade handle.  The blade is tucked enough away that your fingers and little kids fingers will not accidentally get cut.To use you simply hold the wrapping paper, tuck the paper into the arm, and push forward.  Simple, clean, and as straight as your arm and eye will allow.  Works on both big sheets of paper and small sheets of paper.  This came in very handy for me at Christmas time because wrapping is such a chore.  And since I have no patience, my cuts with scissors are usually jagged and crooked.  One quick swoop with this little gadget and you're done.Only two downsides I see, but they do not deter from the quality, ease, and usefulness of this product. One is that at some point, the blade will probably dull, but the replacement price for this is far cheaper than scissors.  The second is that if you've already folded the wrapping paper once or twice and then need to cut, it doesn't do two layers very well."
This cutter makes gift wrapping quicker and easier.It's inexpensive and a great little utensil around the holidays.Making seasonal gift wrapping faster and more efficient. It also cuts a neater line then regular scissors.This is a must have especially when wrapping a large amount of gifts.
This is definitely better than scissors in cutting wrapping paper.  It is also great that the blade in protected and even little kids can use this without fear of injury.  Love it!
Not that I watch that much TV - and I am SO JADED about the claims about products - believe me!  However, this product works EXACTLY as they show on the commercial.  I am really impressed.  The blade is wicked sharp - but totally hidden.  Although I would not suggest leaving it around for the toddlers - this is an adult tool.It zips right through the thickest of paper - we tested it on thick notebook paper.  The line is clean and sharp and no dreaded jagged wreck of the edges.  I LOVE IT!AND - it has this cool bonus feature that they don't show you in the commercial - IT HAS A BUILT IN RIBBON CURLER that works so well, it will curl strips of paper!  And it doesn't dull the blade - because it is tucked into the ergonomic handle of the cutter.  VERY COOL!!I am a big fan of this tool.  If you have kids - and 8 billion parties and grab bags to participate in you will want to buy several of these.  This is the kind of tool that if it goes missing - it is going to make you nuts, like when you can't find the remote control for the tv - that kind of nuts.One other thing I noticed, when I took it out of the packaging - and it comes in the new hassle free packaging - it pops right out - I worried that it was too petite for my giant man hands (Seinfeld) but it felt ok, I didn't snap it and it plenty sturdy enough for MAN HANDS!  LOLSo buy a few of them - they work GREAT - and sequester them in the place where you hide your favorite dark chocolates ;-)
"The Scotch Gift Wrap Cutter is a simple solution for cutting wrapping paper. It does exactly what a pair of scissors does: Cut wrapping paper. But it does it with a smaller device and no exposed blade. We wrapped gifts this Christmas with my 1-year-old daughter. We were constantly watching her, because the second we turned our back she'd have the scissors. That's not a concern with this device. The blade is hidden, and it it sharp enough that once we have never had a single tear in the paper  during the 30 or so gifts that were wrapped using it. It cuts well on both plain and textured wrapping paper.I do have to warn users, don't use it for anything other than wrapping paper, especially if it has tape on it. I used it as a package opener once and it got gummed up and wouldn't cut well until I cleaned it and ran a few ""cleaning cuts"" across paper to get the gummy out of it. And to cut thicker paper (like as a letter opener), it goes slow, tears, and seemed to be getting dull.So, as a gift wrap cutter, I don't know how this device could be improved."
I've had other hand-held paper cutters with a hidden blade like this one, but this one works much better than those others did.  The great things about this Scotch Brand cutter are:* Ergonomic long handled shape fits easily in your hand.  It is then positioned in just the right angle for easy cutting without having to contort your wrist.* Cuts gift wrap like a hot knife through butter, but also cuts copy paper, newspaper... any paper you have except card-stock which would be too thick.  This thing can be used for much more than gift wrapping.* Has a ribbon curler built in the handle, though I can't see myself using it because I don't curl much ribbon.  But if I ever needed to - there it is.* Blade is not exposed so you won't ever cut yourself, and your curious kids can't cut themselves.There are some limitations, because it only cuts in straight lines.  Try to make a curve and it gives you a rough edge.  This is where scissors would be a better choice.  But overall I think I am keeping this in the front of my utility drawer.  I think it is going to come in very handy for lots of small cutting jobs.
I love Christmas. I absolutely love it! I ordinarily love wrapping gifts -- it can be fun. However, when even the happiest of circumstances require that I wrap dozens upon dozens upon dozens of gifts, I am grateful for anything to make the job easier.The Scotch Gift Wrap Cutter does just what it is supposed to do, and is fabulously more convenient than using scissors. When I have that many packages to wrap, this little but amazingly useful tool is absolutely miraculous!
I was really excited to try this product because I always seem to have a fit with scissors and wrapping paper--yes, even using sharp scissors. And at first I was thrilled--it seemed to glide through the paper like a hot knife through butter...but the more I used it (on various quality and types of papers), it had times when it jammed the paper, so it's not always perfect. I think it would be a handy thing to have on hand so you can try it with certain rolls of paper you have, but I would still have scissors ready just in case.
My method for making a straight cut in gift wrap is to fold, and then to cut at the fold with a knife.  This cutter is no more efficient than that method, and with a roll of gift wrap which won't stay unwrapped straight cutting is so easy.  With the recessed blade, I do acknowledge this cutter may be somewhat safer than using a knife or scissors.What this cutter is ideal for: cutting out news articles, coupons and recipes, since the user can use the cutter to start from anywhere on the page.  I would recommend purchasing this cutter and keeping it by your reading chair for this purpose.
Great idea, but not really very practical. It cuts great after you get it lined up perfectly, but if you don't, it just snags the paper. It takes more time to get it into a position that will make it cut smoothly than it does to get up and find a pair of scissors. Anyway, you need the scissors for other parts of the gift-wrapping process (cutting the extra paper off the ends, cutting ribbons, etc). Why have two tools?
I received this product the day AFTER Christmas, so I didn't get to give it the workout I would have liked. With that being said, I still had some Christmas gifts to wrap for friends and family that I did not see on Christmas day so I whipped out my handy dandy Scotch Gift Wrap Cutter. I like the compact design. This thing is smaller than the average pair of scissors used to wrap gifts and easier to handle when trying to wrestle a roll of wrapping paper to the ground and keep it from rolling back up. The cutting mechanism worked well for me. It didn't snag like I thought it might. I thought this cutter worked well. I was not too fond of the ribbon curler. I could not get it to work the way I would have liked. I think it may be user error though. I am so used to using the edge of the scissor which is sharper and created a tighter curl on my curling ribbon. This product does what it claims to do. If you do a lot of gift wrapping, then this is a must-have. I am not sure the occasional gift wrapper needs this product though. Lastly, I love the fact that the blade is concealed and unlike scissors you don't have to worry about your child accidentally cutting his or herself because of this tool. I do a lot of crafty things and you can also trim paper and crop things down with the Gift Wrap Cutter.
This arrived just in time for Christmas gift wrapping. It does work well and cuts fast and smooth. I had scissors there also and out of habit kept reaching for them. I had a bit of a problem with mylar plastic paper, maybe because it was cheap dollar store paper it was not as smooth. On paper and foil paper it is great.I would have this for the kids wrapping gifts as the no exposed blade is great. A small finger could however get into the blade. Instruction would have to be given to keep little fingers safe.The ribbon curler is great no open scissors. The hard plastic works just fine.Handy item to keep in the gift wrap box. I can see this as useful in scrapbooking also.
I got this in the mail 2 days AFTER Christmas, but I did get a chance to test it out on wrapping paper.  It worked fine.  And I can use it all year for cutting coupons or newspaper clippings.  I don't know that I'd go out of my way to buy another one if this one goes dull or breaks, but I'll use it when it's handy.I think its biggest selling point may be that you can let the kids use it when they beg to help with the gift-wrapping.  It's completely safe.  I haven't tried it, but I wonder if it would work on construction paper?  That would be ideal.
This product does what it is supposed to do.  It cuts wrapping paper well and easy.The main benefit is that while you are using it family members don't steal it like they will often do the scissors, most likely because it is not as versatile as scissors.I tried to cut coupons with it.  Don't.  It isn't at all good for that.  You can't cut very precisely with it, and I cut off some of the dates on the few I tried.  It's not labeled for this use, I just thought I'd give it a try.  It was a total no-go.
The gift wrap cutter is a cinch to use.  It makes cutting your pieces so much easier.  I have three of them ow so the kids can help out.  I only gave it 4 stars because flimsy wrapping paper makes it difficult to begin cutting.  But it's very uselful and I do recommend it.
I just finished using this for the first time to wrap all my Christmas presents -- and I love it!  Before receiving it, I was worried that the blade would be exposed, making it dangerous.  I was pleased to see, however, that the blade on this device is encased underneath a plastic housing, making it safe to use on hard surfaces.Using this is really easy: you just insert the edge of it against your wrapping paper, and push it to quickly and easily cut the paper you need.  As another reviewer mentioned, just be sure that the edge of your wrapping paper is smooth; any slight crinkles or tears in the paper, and this device won't cut.Another tip is to use wrapping paper that has graphs on the back; although this device makes cutting straight lines easy, it was nice to use the graph as a guide when cutting paper.All in all, I really like this tool! Using it, along with my Scotch wrist tape dispenser, made wrapping presents a breeze!
I wrap so many presents at Christmastime, and throughout the year, and this is such a simple tool that makes the task much easier to do! All I need is my quick-dispense tape dispenser and the job's a breeze!
"You might think I'm on the daffy side...but I had fun using theScotch Gift Wrap Cutter (14-RC). It can be a little hard to start, but once you get it moving, it cuts very smoothly. I tested it on folded wrapping paper and wrapping paper on a roll and had no problems with either one. I was able to cut curves, too, but need some practice to make them turn out nicely. It was a bit trickier to use on tissue paper. I was successful the first time I tried, but had trouble the next couple times. I had a bit more success when I doubled the tissue paper. I'd suggest that scissors are more foolproof when it comes to tissue paper.There are two curling edges on the handle. I experimented by cutting narrow pieces of wrapping paper then curling them for a cute bow. I was able to cut the wrapping paper into 1/4"" strips & curl them. The bow turned out cute. It was fun. :)The gift wrap cutter can also be used to cut coupons, recipes & more. The label states, ""Designed to curl up to 1/2"" curling ribbon. Not intended for intricate cutting applications or for use on heavier weight paper or films.""I'll be buying some for gifts.This is a safe product. I wouldn't suggest that you let your child put it in his mouth because there is a blade inside; it's not easy to reach, but I wouldn't take the chance."
"This nifty device is a safe and faster way to get clean, straight, cuts. I've tested it on wrapping paper, coupons, articles in the newspaper, office paper, construction paper and more. There is no exposed blade, so this may work well with children under adult supervision. The directions are simple, and if you follow them the product works as described, ""To cut gift wrap, insert paper into cutter at desired cut location. Hold paper in place next to cutter and push forward to cut. To curl ribbon, place ribbon between thumb and ribbon curling edge. Pull ribbon across curling edge at an angle while applying light pressure with thumb.""Few family members tried this as well, and some of them had trouble getting it to start on the gift wrap, ripping part of it. I think once you get the hang of it, you may very well enjoy this product. You just may have to give it a few trys and some time. We are so use to scissors, sometimes it takes time getting use to something different; however you may find other uses for this if you don't like using it on gift wrap. It does curl ribbon great! And for kids I think its ideal."
It a great tool as a gift wrap cutter. Once you get the right angle and begin cutting, it goes smooth and cuts the wrapping paper wonderfully. The blade is hidden so there is no danger of injury. I also like the ribbon curler in the front and it works great too. It's a five star product and for this price, it can't hurt to try.
At first I thought this would be an extravagant little item to have in the house, I mean I do own scissors. However, while wrapping some presents this year I found the Scotch Gift Wrap Cutter to be a somewhat easier way to trim the wrapping paper. Sometimes, when I over estimate how much paper to use, I have to do some last minute cutting to size the paper to the package. With scissors sometimes I find them bulky to try to scissor my way around the package to get the paper to fit. With the Scotch Gift Wrap cutter, the item fits in the palm of your hand and is much easier to maneuver in weird positions than traditional scissors. I guess they are still an extravagance to have, but if you have the money to spend, it is a good little extra tool to help make packages wrap prettier.
So, I thought this would be great for Christmas wrapping, and insome cases it was. The description says it is not designed for thick paper, however, my problems were with thin paper....not tissue type, just paper that was a little thinner than normal. This was a bummer because it would kind of crinkle every few inches and the paper would also rip....so, back to the scissors (nothing beats a good sharp scissor). So, why 3 stars instead or 1? Well, I thought I would try it on thick paper and if you are quick to start the cut and don't stop it did a great job! The blade is hidden and out of reach and I would use this for large gifts that require a lot of wrapping....as long as the paper is right. You cannot stop halfway, so plan ahead.....well, you can, but then it's tricky to start the cut again and you kind of have to back up a bit and then start again (sometimes it worked, sometimes it didn't). I think that overall I will stick with my scissors, but I can see how someone might like this. When I used it with the thicker paper (not extra thick) it did save me time. The problem is that overall it slowed me down, and so I would say if you are going to use any kind of higher end paper, etc., stick with a good, sharp scissor, if not, you might take a chance. Keep in mind that you will still need a good scissor for tissue, etc., so it's hard to show any real value here. Buy some good scissors!
Scotch's Gift Wrap Cutter is a great product for anyone who hates hunting for a pair of scissors every time Christmas or Birthdays come around.  This is a small plastic piece much like a toothbrush with a blade on the end.  It easily cuts most wrapping paper on a flat surface.  Scissors are often difficult to use because they require moving the paper to get enough space to cut, but this is a one-sided instrument that gives you more freedom.  Amazon offers this product for a great price, and it is an easy, practical alternative to scissors.  Keep this Gift Wrap Cutter in your wrapping paper box with a pop-up tape dispenser, and you will be ready for any wrapping occasion.
Typically I end up sitting on the carpet to wrap presents.  I was amazed at how well this product worked even on a soft surface.  It quickly cuts long lengths of paper.  Sometimes it is hard to get started but once moving it moves quickly with a clean cut.  Much easier and quicker than scissors
In a perfect world, we could all use every tool well. Life seldom works that way.This tool's chief utility I think is for those that have difficulty gripping scissors and yet wish to do a lot of gift packing.  People like to express themselves wrapping gifts; unfortunately this task can also become more difficult with age and debilitating hand conditions such as arthritis.My criticism is that it is hard to get the cut started. Although I did notice that that became easier with practice.  It took a few tries to get a perfect cut off a roll of wrapping paper, but then the cuts were straight, clean, & quick.This  is a nifty little tool. It is well priced and readily accessible.  There is little likelihood of injury with this product.
At first I hated this and then I got the hang of it and it was wonderful. No more struggling to cut the paper and this cuts straight and quickly. It made wrapping those humongous presents with that jumbo sized wrapping paper roll easy.
I was not the least bit impressed with this cutter.  Mostly, it ripped rather than cut.  I get much better results with scissors than I did with theScotch Gift Wrap Cutter (14-RC).  I had high hopes, especially since I would do anything to speed up the gift wrapping process.
I was pleasantly surprised at how well the cutter works.  I found that it cuts through the paper just fine and is lightweight and easy to store.  I don't curl too much ribbon, but having the added feature is a nice touch to the cutter.Pros:+ Has a rubber grip surface (the purple part) that makes it easier to grip without slipping+ Has a small pointer guide to help keep cutting lines straight+ Blade is obscured by plastic guards+ Can be used to curl ribbons+ Can slice through paper fairly quickly without catching and tearing the paperCons:- If a little kid stuck his or her finger in the front of the cutter, they would be able to reach the blade and cut themselves, so keep it in a secure place.  Since it is shaped like a pen, you might think to store it in a pen drawer, but I'd recommend keeping it somewhere high out of the reach of little kids if they're around.
This thing just works, plain and simple. Very easy to cut the wrapping paper cleanly and to accurate size to avoid waste. the ribbon curling feature is also great.
This is advertised for cutting gift wrapping and certainly would be good for that.  But it came just when we needed to cut pictures from magazines for a school assignment.  It worked so well for that and was so much fun to use.  Children will find it so much easier than scissors for this.  The edge is nicely hidden in the center and the paper fits in a guide so it is a safe little gadget too.Craft knives are available but they have an exposed edge and would also cut down into the rest of the magazine - not a safe choice for a child or easy for an adult.  This little cutter is so much more useful. I can see it also used for cutting coupons and anything else that one would want to take out of a publication without ruining the rest of it.
This is a great tool that came in handy when I was wrapping Christmas presents.The gift wrap cutter has a concealed blade between two prongs (I can't think of a better term). All you do is place the wrapping paper on a flat surface, slip the two prongs between the paper and push forward. It worked quicker than a scissor plus you can't cut yourself.Because of the design the gift wrap cutter works best when you are going in a straight line. It works really quickly when you do this--much quicker than a scissor.If you have to change directions you need to remove the gift wrap cutter and then reinsert it going in the new direction. A scissor would probably work quicker if you plan on changing directions often when you are cutting.Also, I found that thin wrapping paper tended to bunch between the prongs of the gift wrap cutter.  I could still cut thin wrapping paper but I needed to make sure I held it down.I did not use the ribbon curler.Pros:It works quickly.You can't cut yourself.You can go quickly in a straight line.Cons:You have to hold down thin wrapping paper.If you want to change direction while cutting you need to stop and reposition the gift wrap cutter.Conclusion:This is a good product to have especially if you or someone might cut someone or or something with a scissor and if you don't plan any intricate cutting of wrapping paper.
This Scotch Brand Gift Wrap Cutter was just what I needed for wrapping gifts plus clipping coupons, cutting out recipes in magazines and much more.  This tool would also come in handy for anyone with arthritis that cannot grip a scissor.  This tool is easy to use, has a hidden blade that cannot cut fingers and also has a built in ribbon curler that comes in handy.A great little tool that I find myself using a lot!
No more stray rips from dulled scissors, or when trying to cut a very large piece of wrapping paper. This handy gizmo holds the paper while it cuts, so you can avoid the jaggies, tears, rips and accordion ripples while wrapping gifts. Additionally, this can be used to open wrapped packages that have had overzealous people wrapping them so good that a light saber is needed. Nice, streamlined, very affordable.
This works well for cutting paper, as it is simply a razor blade with plastic casing to protect users. Doesn't do well with cellophane or anything plastic, as expected.It got left on a counter and my 7-yr-old picked it up, thinking it was his toothbrush!  Thank goodness he didn't try to brush with it.  It does look strinkingly similar to all of our newer toothbrushes.gripes:When the blade becomes dull, you have to throw it out and buy another one. That's not very environmentally friendly.The price for one runs around $5, which in my humble opinion is way over-priced for a cutting tool that probably cost pennies to make. Half that price would have been about right.
Oh my this is the best thing to come along since the disposable razor.  If you need to do package wrapping or you are a coupon clipper like myself, then this is the perfect tool for the job.  It takes just a fraction of the time to clip my coupons now with this in comparrison to the clippers I was using.  So easy and makes straight lines with ease.  No more worring about cutting off the bar codes or if you are wrapping presents you don't have to worry about uneven jaggered lines with the paper.  Let me tell you I can't cut a straight line for the life of me but this made my Christmas presents look so much neater.  Really don't know what I did without this and I'm glad I got it to try.  A++++ in my book.
My wife and I took turns using this to wrap presents for Christmas this year. I hate wrapping presents, mostly because I can't seem to use the scissors to cut a straight line to save my life. But MAN did this gift wrap cutter work good! You just slide it across the wrapping paper, and BAM! Done! I love this! I plan on picking a couple up for my parents as well. Highly recommended.
"I hate cutting wrapping paper.  It seems like a very simple task, but unless I have new and very sharp scissors, the paper eventually snags on my scissors and rips.  OK, maybe ""hate"" is a bit of an overstatement, but it seems like there should be a better way of going about it... and there is.  Enter the Scotch Gift Wrap Cutter.  It sports a comfortable grip, easy cut, and even a ribbon curler, if you like that.  Best of all, the blade won't snag on the paper so you can make quick, fast and straight cuts with ease.  Plus, it is safe for use around kids since there are no exposed blades. At under 10 bucks, this is totally worth the price!"
As long as you make sure to keep the cutter perfectly flush against the paper and a hard surface, it works just fine. If you don't-it will tear the paper. Simple as that. It is not a miracle by any means and I'm not really sure how long the little blade stays sharp for, but it is a decent product that works pretty much as well as a pair of good, sharp scissors.  At times, it may be more of an annoyance than an actual help, but it all depends on usage I guess.
"This will not be a lenghty review because the use and premise of this product is pretty basic.  Use this product and you will be able to clip and slice your way through thousands of papers without a tad of frustration and now with a useful little ribbon curler; that is what the ad wants you to believe.  Now the truth...  It is useful for just slicing through straight lines and just that.  When Christmas rolls around or when you have a whole bunch of gifts to wrap then I suggest pulling this tool out.  Now if you are wrapping your presents in cheap thin dollar store paper then grab your nice sharp kitchen shears because the scotch cutter will jam up and tear the paper.  When I used thick wrapping paper it would slice through nicely with barely any maneuvering.A new addition is the ""ribbon curler"" in the thumb area.  That is extrememly useful and find it to be much more comfortable than using a big bulky scissor.Recommend when you have a big pile of gifts to wrap with quality paper; any other time you will find yourself returning to that outdated and wonderful invention: the scissor!"
I tried it with wrapping paper and it's not a whole lot better than using sharp scissors - the advantage however is that it's relatively kid safe.  I say relatively because if they really wanted to they could probably work their pinky in to where the blade is.What I do find it very useful for is clipping coupons and newspaper articles. The advantage is you can put it in your pocket or coupon binder as i's quite small compared to a pair of scissors and has no exposed blade.Would I buy it just for wrapping gifts?  No, because we wrap gifts only a few times a year (and then we do them in a batch)  on the other hand, I do clip coupons and articles several times a week.Overall a decent product, but I dinged it a star because of it's price.  If you have questions/comments or if this review was helpful, please let me know!
