Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
"We've been trying out this, our first Juno Baby video, with our music-loving two year old. Overall it is a great addition to our DVD collection, because it is entertaining, and has a lot of exposure to music.  This Juno Baby title is better for younger children (12+ months).  For 24+ months, consider the Juno Jr. series.  Our two year old likes those even better.Pros:+ Good audio production. Not quite as loud/clear as another Juno Jr. DVD, but close.+ Strong focus on music education, making rudimentary music theory available to pre-schoolers.+ Our two year old likes it. She has watched various parts twice and still asks to see it.+ Covers fun/relevant topics like how it doesn't hurt to get your hair cut.Cons:- Entertainment value could be better. In an age of shows like Spongebob which can entertain children and adults simultaneously, or action-packed shows like Dora, the bar is pretty high, and Juno Jr. occasionally gets boring and/or annoying (minus one star).- Characters occasionally over-enthusiastic to the point of being annoying.- Needs better self-promotion. They could to mention ""Juno"" more often to reinforce the brand. Our two year old didn't know what to call it the first time around. Other toys (leapfrog) and shows (Dora/Diego) take this to an extreme, constantly mentioning their brand, which is annoying.Overall, a very strong effort which adds a needed aspect of music education to our preschool DVD collection."

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.08054453879594803,0.062483806163072586,0.0722392350435257,0.07307381182909012,0.06898140907287598,0.06226557120680809,0.06586486101150513,0.06590108573436737,0.06453665345907211,0.06324197351932526,0.05997030436992645,0.06506682187318802,0.0680752545595169,0.062121205031871796,0.06563343107700348
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
"We've been trying out this, our first Juno Baby video, with our music-loving two year old. Overall it is a great addition to our DVD collection, because it is entertaining, and has a lot of exposure to music.  This Juno Baby title is better for younger children (12+ months).  For 24+ months, consider the Juno Jr. series.  Our two year old likes those even better.Pros:+ Good audio production. Not quite as loud/clear as another Juno Jr. DVD, but close.+ Strong focus on music education, making rudimentary music theory available to pre-schoolers.+ Our two year old likes it. She has watched various parts twice and still asks to see it.+ Covers fun/relevant topics like how it doesn't hurt to get your hair cut.Cons:- Entertainment value could be better. In an age of shows like Spongebob which can entertain children and adults simultaneously, or action-packed shows like Dora, the bar is pretty high, and Juno Jr. occasionally gets boring and/or annoying (minus one star).- Characters occasionally over-enthusiastic to the point of being annoying.- Needs better self-promotion. They could to mention ""Juno"" more often to reinforce the brand. Our two year old didn't know what to call it the first time around. Other toys (leapfrog) and shows (Dora/Diego) take this to an extreme, constantly mentioning their brand, which is annoying.Overall, a very strong effort which adds a needed aspect of music education to our preschool DVD collection."
I was not sure what to expect out of this DVD, and if my girls (3.5 and 6) would be bored or not by it, but I was intrigued by the description and wanted to see if it lived up to the marketing.I have to say, it did win me over, and while not attractive at all to my 6 yr old (no surprise there, since this is not geared to her age), my 3 yr old really liked it.  I also liked it, because I continually try to expose my kids to music (I guess I share the same philosophy as the creator of this series), and while this is not specifically a music education title, beautiful, well recorded and prominent music swells and fades throughout the playtime.What I think I was most surprised at was the clever teaching methods implemented into the stories.  Very Sesame Street like in their creativity, and you can definitely see the influence here (a good thing IMO).Overall, very well done, and as far as age, I would probably recommend for 2-4 yr olds.I tried two DVDs from this series, and this by far was the better of the two (and held my child's attention throughout, whereas the other one was almost immediately dismissed).Highly recommend, and glad to see some non-mainstream, quality work in this genre.  This ain't Dora! (thankfully)
I really do like this DVD a lot. The whole Juno Baby series of DVDs are unique in that they are visually more simple and clear, yet are quirky and have a sense of humor to them. When Juno sort of waddles accross the screen, her dialogue is sully and fun, pretty eye catching and cute. My 11 month old always smiles and is instantly mesmerized as soon as she sees those long Pippy Longstocking pigtails. I like the sort of puppet show feel to this DVD and the classical music is really pretty and the stories are educational without you really knowing it.
I have a 6 1/2yr old and an 8 month old baby, so even with limited tv watching to say I'm a bit of a children's programing connoisseur is a bit of an understatement, embarrassingly enough I will even admit to recently setting the DVR for an episode of Dinosaur Train (the Troadon's singing Christmas tunes if you must know). So I have my favorites and my less then favorites (Barney makes me CRINGE). Now that I have two children with such a large age gap it's hard finding programing that my older daughter will watch (or even just have on) w/o complaining that it's to babyish and something that I don't feel is inappropriate for the baby to be overhearing/seeing as she plays in the livingroom.I'm happy to report that though initially the voices of these characters drove me insane they have grown on me. I also love that the videos are varied and a nice length, but the best is the singing. The baby was engaged and my almost 7yr old and I were dancing around the house singing along and laughing. The videos offer just enough conflict to be realistic and teach lessons but not enough that a very sensitive child would be upset (my older daughter refuses to watch Disney movies due to the villians).I'm looking forward to expanding our collection of these dvd's and the cd's as well to listen to in the car etc. If I had to note one negative thing it would be the packaging, though adorable in that the cd case looks like a small book the whole purpose of a cd case in my mind is to offer some sort of protection for the dvd, both from being broken if stepped on and to keep little fingers off of it. This folds right open and by looking like a book invites my children to want to open it and they can easily get the dvd out after that.. I think I might swap them out with some of those mysteriously empty Barney cases I have laying around &lt;wink>
Let's be honest....a lot of children's music can just be irritating to adult ears after the first few minutes of listening!  Juno really is quite the opposite, I found myself bopping right along to the music and enjoying it as much as the children did.  This is a great addition to your collection of children's music.
It took a couple of times watching this video for me and my daughter to like it. It has somewhat catchy songs for kids to enjoy and some annoying characters, but it's a good program for young children to watch. There is nothing offensive, and it has good educational stories for young children. I liked the flash cards video extra a lot, but it wasn't very long. I also thought it would have been nice if there was more than one episode on the dvd. The episode is 50 minutes.
"Its so hard to fine good programs like this. Juno Baby is one of the few videos we've allowed and continue to allow our daughter to watch. It not only has taught her about the world around her, different instruments, friendship, trying new things, conquering fears, and types of music, but supplied our family with a host of new songs to hummm and sing around the house (""In the Ocean"" and the ""Broccoli"" song being our top to favorites). All together a thoughtful, entertaining and educational series of videos with skillfully written original songs and fun puppets."
"My little girl really enjoys these Juna dvd's..it really holds her attention better than anything else so far she loves to dance and ""try"" to sing along. I let her play with some of the musical instruments we have while she watches it. I like that its educational and encourages new things, the characters are engaging... my daughter is not even 2yet and I suspect we will get much use out of these for some time to come."
Its overall not that good a product. I was expecting much more. It is mediocre. Kids didn't like it. There are much better products available in the same category in this market.
"Some of you might ""get"" my title from an old SNL clip if I remember correctly but my point is that it is not often that something comes along to make broccoli entertaining.  Thank goodness something did come along by the time I had little ones.  This is worth the price just for the broccoli song but there is more, much more and its all good.  Wonderful alternative to some of the more annoying baby and kid fare for sale these days."
"""Juno"" was created by a mom and as the saying goes, mom knows best! Every product of Juno is built around a childs developing mind. With their DVD's children can sing, laugh and dsicover the magic of music in a fun creative Juno way. It is very unique and original compared to other children DVD's and music. With that in mind, I would say it won't appeal to everyone but the majority. What matters most though is how the children react to it. The toddlers in my family all sang along to the DVD and it highly appealed to them, especially this one. They don't watch to much TV at all, but Juno's not just another cartoon, its educational as well. Our families young children range from ages 10 months to 4 years. All but the 10 month old was intersted, but thats probably due to the young age of the 10 month old who doesn't want to sit still either;) All in all the Juno series seems to be a big hit. Its not annoying, its fun and catchy tunes."
My three-year-old absolutely loves the Juno series, so I figured he would enjoy Juno Baby - Way to Go Juno! It turns out that he was actually familiar with quite a few of the songs from clips on YouTube, which have the common theme of overcoming your fears, from fear of getting a haircut to fear of eating broccoli. Unlike the Juno Jr. videos this Juno Baby video is quite basic - there's very little CGI and not much in the way of a navigational menu.  None of this matters to my son, who is even crazier about this video than the Juno Jr. version.There's just one nitpick.  At the very end of the video, Juno asks the Caterpillar if he has any fears he'd like to overcome, and he indicates he's afraid of nothing.  Then a spider appears and he runs away screaming.  The end.There's really no reason to be afraid of spiders, and the subtlety of the joke (see, uptight Caterpillar WAS afraid of something!) is lost on preschoolers. It's not funny, it just reinforces a fear of bugs that's unnecessary and surprisingly out of tune with the rest of the show's excellent message.But my son still really loves this video.
"A true sing-along; this DVD hits on a couple issues that many parents face with their toddlers/pre-schoolers - and addresses it in such a beautiful way. The music is just simply amazing. My 3 and 5 yr old children's love and appreciation of music have grown since being exposed to Juno Baby. Love it! Oh and I'm not lying when I say both my young children have said this after watching Way To Go, Juno!:  ""I love broccoli!"" - it really is almost the only vegetable they will eat now!"
Way to Go, Juno! is a young children's program geared to learning and music.  The characters are puppets and the backdrops are cartoons.  On this DVD, the story revolves around trying new things.  There is a lot of singing along the way as Juno gets a haircut and Bunny tries broccoli for the first time.If your kids like the other Juno videos, this one should also amuse them.  Besides English, there is an option for French and Spanish, so it is great for learning those languages too.
I didn't really get this DVD or Juno.  It wasn't very entertaining, and my two year old son wasn't entrhalled with it either.  He actually left the room after about 15 minutes, though admittedly, he isn't a big TV kid.  Juno is a mix of animation and puppets, and neither are that great.  Our two year old loves Yo Gabba Gabba and other mixed media, musical series, but he didn't latch on to Juno.Maybe it grows on you, but I'm not going to force it on my child.  The educational value was very limited, and I think there are shows out that do a much better job overall than this series.Sorry Juno, but you just didn't capture mine or my boy's imagination.
