Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
I've just finished the frame of a 1,000 piece puzzle on  it, and there is less than a quarter inch on either side for available space.  That's actually ideal, because the puzzles are typically so large, it's too cumbersome to have the case be much larger.  This is as big as it has to be and no bigger.The inside is divided into five unevenly sized sections, if you solve in parts or as a group.  It has a removable tray for the puzzle in process, and you could probably swap it for a similar sized board if you glue to a board.  It looks nice. It stores well.  It is water resistant and relatively sturdy (the ends ding easily).  Overall, I think this the best case I've used. Much better than the roll up tubes.For jigsaw puzzle fans, this is a must have product.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.0745094045996666,0.077752485871315,0.07823045551776886,0.07911156117916107,0.07343269139528275,0.08270880579948425,0.07816459983587265,0.07551726698875427,0.0779106393456459,0.08194249868392944,0.0731293186545372,0.08013544231653214,0.06745482236146927
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
"This is a nice store for relatively large (up to 1000 pieces) puzzles but the claims that it can be used to 'move' your work in progress around (which explain the handles) are exaggerated in my view.When opened, you can build your puzzle on the 'assembly board' which is a rectangular 20""x27"" cardboard cut and you can use the five compartments to store and sort your pieces. To store your puzzle you would, gently and carefully, move the assembly board on top of the side that has the 5 partitions. You know you closed it right because you can hear it click. To MOVE it... sure you can but you must be gentle and careful and it's better to keep it horizontal at all times.I liked the ability to keep work in progress nicely organized and to store and even move your work when needed. It's a good looking product when viewed from a distance but a close-up look will reveal that it's not built with 'high end' materials. However, if treated right, I can't see major durability issues."
I love puzzles, but don't have a place to just leave them out. I've long used the felt roll-up storage, but I thought this might be a neat alternative.If I had stopped to think about it, I would have anticipated the size. It's definitely large! Just to give you a mental picture of size, you would need approximately double the amount of space that your average 1000 piece puzzle would take up. (However, it is not large enough for anything over 1000 pieces.)I like the compartments for sorting, because I am a huge sorter! The compartments are of varying sizes, which is quite handy. I also like the fact that the puzzle surface is actually a thick, sturdy piece of cardboard that is removable. That allows a lot of flexibility, especially considering the size of the case. When the cardboard is placed over the compartments and the case is snapped shut, the incomplete puzzle is protected, and the pieces remain separated. And, when it's time to put the puzzle away to clear table space, clean-up is much quicker and easier than with the roll-up storage.I would add two thoughts:1) Several reviewers have mentioned the need to keep this flat. That is definitely a necessity! I have wondered if a thin piece of foam placed atop the puzzle board would allow the board to be stored vertically, but I haven't tried it. I don't care so much about carrying the case horizontally - that is not a problem for me. Storing, on the other hand, would be easier in my specific situation were I able to store it vertically.2) Care must be taken to ensure the edges and corners are firmly snapped in place when closing the case! It actually sounds and feels like it has snapped before it is actually fully in place. While this isn't a huge deal if the case is kept horizontal, it is something to pay attention to.In all honesty, if I hadn't received this through Vine, I'm not sure it's something I would have bought. But, now that I have it, I just might get back into putting puzzles together a little more regularly since clean-up will be so much easier.
This is the first puzzle keeper I have owned, and I am completely satisfied with it.  It is well made, and I wish I would have had one years ago.  It is so handy to be able to store an unfinished puzzle and come back to it later. Great for the person who has limited space, or if you are only able to find time to work on your puzzles ever so often.  This item would make a great gift for the puzzle lover on your list.
I am a huge fan of jigsaw puzzles and I own a cat who flips my puzzle pieces every where, so I was excited to try this out.  And, I love Racensburger quality.With that said....I feel like I just wasted my money.  First of all, it really is slippery.  Pieces are not easy to navigate.  My next complaint is that the large cracks allow the standard sized puzzle pieces of a 1000 piece puzzle to get caught up in them.  I need a string of 4 to five pieces before it's easy to start sections without them slipping into the holes.  Next, while the trays are nice for sorting....a thousand piece puzzle fits horizontally, not vertically...so the sorting tray is above or below the puzzle....not to the side.  I have to circle the puzzle to get to the pieces or reach across the puzzle.  This thing is huge, so it's not an easy reach.  This is doable if on a table (and it has to be a larger table), but very annoying when on the floor.Lastly, and the most frustrating....this does not hold the puzzle together.  The cardboard piece that is suppose to keep the pieces in the sorting tray does not provide a tight lock.  All the pieces fall to the bottom and out the sides.  Then, it is so slippery I would actually never even attempt to pick this up...I do not see how it would hold the parts I'd completed at all, let alone travel in a car or something.In fairness, I would like to give Ravensburger the chance to accept a refund to see how their customer service is.
I really like this puzzle saver, it's great in so many ways--it keeps puzzles in place, allows you to store them easily and keep pets (and toddlers) out of your puzzle. It's large, yes, but also very flat which makes it easy to store behind furniture, under beds, or against walls. It snaps shut in a very secure manner, and holds puzzle pieces in place. The board can be lifted out, and there are shallow spaces where you can store and sort pieces. It's great!This puzzle saver should have 5 stars, but I just have one big complaint about it. It's two inches too short!! Most of my Milton Bradley and Ravensburger puzzles are Americana folk art and measure 22 x 25 inches. This puzzle saver only allows for 20 x 28  size puzzles. It's frustrating that it's just TWO INCHES too small. Very few of my standard  size 1000 piece puzzles work with this puzzle saver. Bummer.I still use it and like it very much. I just hope they release an updated version that fits more standard puzzles! TWO INCHES is nothing! I'd buy a bigger one in a heart beat.So, my advice before you purchase this is to check out the average size of your puzzles--this may or may not be a good fit for you depending on that one aspect.
I've just finished the frame of a 1,000 piece puzzle on  it, and there is less than a quarter inch on either side for available space.  That's actually ideal, because the puzzles are typically so large, it's too cumbersome to have the case be much larger.  This is as big as it has to be and no bigger.The inside is divided into five unevenly sized sections, if you solve in parts or as a group.  It has a removable tray for the puzzle in process, and you could probably swap it for a similar sized board if you glue to a board.  It looks nice. It stores well.  It is water resistant and relatively sturdy (the ends ding easily).  Overall, I think this the best case I've used. Much better than the roll up tubes.For jigsaw puzzle fans, this is a must have product.
"Handles on the long side of the Ravensburger Puzzle Store sent me the message that it should be carried using the handles for transporting an enclosed undertaken jigsaw puzzle, but that assumption was wrong.  I do not understand why it has handles in the first place since they are not used for the operation or transportation of this case.  The only difference between the top and bottom exterior is that the top has a white, ""OPEN HERE"" by the handle.  The puzzle piece graphic design which is on both sides of the case is lovely but the Ravensburger logo along the lower right corner of both sides is not attractive.  Constructed of a heavy duty plastic material, the plastic coated paper which encases the entire ""store"" has already pulled away from two corners at the interior, and I've not even assembled an entire puzzle yet.  The premise for this item is that you assemble your puzzle of 300-100 pieces which measures a maximum of 20 x 27 inches on the black poster board which can be placed on the opened top section of the case.  Pieces may be grouped and stored in the five molded compartments  on the bottom half.  When you're done, you then slide the poster board over, positioning it atop the compartments.  Close the case and be sure to press on all sides to click it into place, then horizontally store your puzzle until you're ready to work on it again.  If your assembled puzzle seems to slip around, you can cover it with something to better be grasped by the grooved side.  I used a piece of fabric for mine.Being that this needs to be opened in order to be used, you will need a space to accommodate its larger size (45"" x 30""), so it may not be the best choice for a small home.  Additionally, I was hoping that I could use this on my lap, but it's too large and although it's sturdy, it's not sturdy enough to withstand body movement.  It does come in handy for the times when I've undertaken a puzzle on my only table top and I have guests coming over.  I close the Ravensburger Puzzle Store and carefully carry it in a horizontal position by not using the handles and place it on the bed until the table is once again available for puzzle work.  Since I'm limited in a small condo I do not put it on the floor for storage at any time.Despite it's limitations, I've found this to be superior to any rollup puzzle storer I've used and it's more sturdy than another similar style of case which relied on elastic straps for closure.  I hope it lasts a very long time because it's quite expensive and I'm not likely to purchase a replacement.  I'd recommend this to a puzzle fan who has a larger living space than I.  I do prefer Ravensburger puzzles and had expectations for this to be of a high quality."
Seriously, I have ALWAYS wanted one of these puzzle storage units. As I only work a couple of puzzles a year, however, it seemed an extravagance and a luxury item. I was thrilled to get my hands on this new toy and am, in truth, a bit disappointed.Pros:Perfect size for standard 1000 piece puzzles.Self contained, no more cluttering up table tops for extended periods.Extra room to sort pieces with a few large compartments.Closes up for easy flat storage (under bed, couch)Cons:Simply not effective for transport unless kept flat.Nothing keeps pieces from sliding when unit is vertical.There are two main functions in such a device. Storage and transport. This fails on the transportation aspect, and that's a pretty big let-down. The product description promises that the snap tight case will prevent this and it does not. There are even carrying handles implying that this is a normal expectation. Truthfully, how often do you need to carry your puzzle around? Probably not very often. As a work surface, this is just fine. And if that's all you need, by all means--this is terrific. But I've got to score the product accordingly for not fulfilling its promises as listed in the product description. KGHarris, 9/11.
"For me, the Ravensburger Puzzle Store is much handier for a puzzle in progress as compared to  the way I was doing puzzles before.  A few years ago, I was working on this puzzleAll American 1000 Piece Jigsaw Puzzle 20"" by 27"" - ""Stamps"". It was taking me forever to put it together. I rigged up my own puzzle worktable/storage idea. I used a tri-fold foam display boardElmer's Tri-Fold Premium Foam Display Boards, 1 Case, 48 x 36 Inches Open, 24 x 36 Inches Closed, 12 Boards/Case, White (902090)to work the puzzle on & also hold my sorted pieces.  I placed the closed foam board on my card table & worked the puzzle on it & hoped no one would bump it because it hung over the edge. With only a few pieces left to finish the puzzle, I had to store it because I needed to move the card table. So I placed my felt puzzle roll-up mat Standard Puzzle Roll-Up 36x30 over the almost completed puzzle & the remaining pieces; the felt kept everything from moving around too much & also protected it from dust. I carefully moved my puzzle  to a high shelf in the garage for safekeeping (from cats, dogs & kids) until I could put the card table back up... by the way, the felt puzzle roll-up mat  never worked for puzzle storage. I always had a mess when I unrolled my puzzle. The puzzle would fall apart, pieces would stick to the felt; I don't recommend it at all. One day, my hubby had to move the stored puzzle & had forgotten what was under the felt.  Needless to say, he dropped it!  Puzzle pieces went everywhere!  Weeks of work were now all over the garage floor.  Had I stored my puzzle in the Ravensburger Puzzle Store, much of this 'tragedy' would've been prevented.  And, that's why I think the Ravensburger Puzzle Store is very handy.  When you're not working on your puzzle, you can store it away from hubbies, kids, pets & even dust...well you never know how long it be before you pull it out to finish it. The puzzle store will fit under furniture or your bed.How to use it:The Puzzle Store comes with a sturdy piece of poster board to work your puzzle on; one side of the storage unit has 5 sections for sorting your puzzle pieces, you can place the poster board on the other side to work the puzzle. When you're finished working on your puzzle, carefully lift the poster board & place it over the storage area, close the unit being careful to click it closed along all the sides. Notice that one outside edge has the words ""Open Here.""  Be sure you store your puzzle with this side up; opening it on this side will prevent your puzzle pieces from flying out.  I also am putting some paper over my worked puzzle before I close it which hopefully will keep it from getting too messed up when I pick the storage case up using the handles.  Newspaper works nicely for this. To be extra careful when moving  the Puzzle Storage with your partially worked puzzle inside, don't use the handles but carry it flat.Nice product!  This would be a great gift for any puzzle lover."
Our family enjoys working on puzzles together casually and over time. This is a great way to store your puzzle while in progress. You can keep all the peices safe and put it away if you want to declutter your space. It is quite lare so it works well for the larger puzzles with lots of peices. It is very portable so you can take it with you when you go on a trip. I think the design works well for children and adults.
"This Ravensburger Puzzle Store is excellent if used with ""care"". I am a puzzle maniac, having assembled jigsaw puzzles from 100 to 9000 pieces (a 13200 pieces is in the queue). I have used different techniques and products to store/move unfinished puzzles, like Fold and Go, Portable Jigsaw Roll, Jumbo Wooden Puzzle Plateau etc. and for the value, this is the best I found.When I mentioned it must be used with care, I was referring to the fact that if you transport the puzzle using the handle, pieces might slide, so I recommend always moving it in horizontal position. I found out that it is excellent if you want to assemble in a sofa, placing it in your lap. Unfortunately it can be used only for small puzzles. If there was one for 3000 pieces, I would go for it.Bottom line is that this is a valuable product for puzzle lovers for works in the range of 500 to 1000 pieces (for up to 500 pieces you most likely will not need to store or move, as you might be able to finish the puzzle in less than four hours).Amazon.com was kind enough to provide this product for me through their Vine Program for reviewing and I was not request to provide a positive review. Opinions expressed here are my own."
I absolutely love doing puzzles but I find that I rarely do them anymore due to the fact that I don't want my table cluttered for days at a time.  This item is awesome and very helpful.  I can finally see myself doing puzzles on a normal basis again.  I love the fact that I can do the puzzle wherever I want at any given time.  If I want to sit at the table I can or if I want to sit on the couch or the floor and watch TV while doing the puzzle I can.I know some reviewers are complaining about the fact that you can't carry it by the handles without the pieces sliding all over and although that is true, I don't see where it specifically states that you should be able to do that.  You can certainly carry it by the handle when the puzzle is completed but while assembling the puzzle I'm completely find with carrying it flat.  I'm just happy that I can move it out of the way and come back to it when I want.  I can either slide it under my bed or under a couch or even just set it in the corner of a room.  Sure it could be improved but with it being just the way it is, it's a huge help to me.I really love the idea of this item and I would highly recommend it.  Although I will do any puzzle 1000 pieces or more I usually like more than 1000 pieces so a re-design allowing you to do a larger puzzle would be helpful as well.  Overall though, I love it and recommend it.
I love putting together puzzles but hated relying on the roll up puzzle holders.  No matter how little or much I blew them up it still would break apart my puzzles and shift everything.  Another thing that I was missing was compartments.  You would find at the very least 3 plastic baggies holding my 'sorted' puzzle pieces.  With this Ravensburger Puzzle Store I have been able to satisfy this need because there are four plastic compartments of varying size built in to the left side of the holder.With all of it's positives there are a few negatives as well.  Here are my pro's and con's...PROS:Holds puzzle and pieces beautifully as long as you keep it horizontal (flat).Various compartments sizes for those that love to sort.Hard cardboard stock to lay your puzzle on.Big enough to fit most 'normal' sized puzzles.  Will not fit weird large shapes!Nice carrying handle for transport when not in the middle of a puzzle.Feels sturdy.CONS:Very LARGE!Must lay flat underneath a bed when you are in the midst of a puzzle.Sides even though they are sturdy are very prone to crushing after you have stored vertically.Very expensive!  Should be priced a lot less considering it is just laminated cardboard.Highly recommend if you understand it's setbacks.  It has changed how I now work on my puzzles.  I am not sure if you can store puzzles while this stands vertical like a briefcase.  I was too afraid to actually test that area out after I spent so many days on the puzzle.
