Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
Everyone in my family loves board games.Whether you'll like this game mainly depends on whether you like the original Sorry.  In my opinion, the game (both original Sorry and Sorry Spin) is too simple for adults, but perfect for young children.  Although there are a couple of new elements, this game plays very similarly to the original.  The game pieces are pretty, and the I really like the spinning gears that comprise the board.  One aspect I find valuable is that you can let someone else win, and you have some control over how long the game will last.  If you've played with young kids, you understand the value of these attributes.It's flexible enough in how you divide your moves, on certain cards, that you do have an element of strategy, but this game is mostly one of luck.  I think it would be a great aid to a child learning how to count, or working on subtraction skills.The board does not fit back into the box, once assembled, so I simply never put it back in there.  Nothing on the board broke... but I just don't think it will last if I keep snapping it together and apart.  I got a medium pizza box (clean and unused) and it solved the problem.  Having something more than a piece of cardboard to play on really helps keep kids interested.To sum it up: if you really like Sorry, consider buying this game.  If you're looking for something as complex as holographic nuclear laser chess, this isn't what you're looking for.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.0809669941663742,0.08253802359104156,0.08321067690849304,0.0815594270825386,0.08663589507341385,0.0844726413488388,0.08535356819629669,0.08311305195093155,0.07901404798030853,0.08612088859081268,0.08343217521905899,0.08358263969421387
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
The NEW SORRY! SPIN takes the traditional SORRY! Game and adds a whole new spin (no pun intended). The objective is the same: to be the first player to get all four pawns home without being knocked off the board. However there are cards in place the usual die which removes the need to roll a 1 or a 6 to take out a new pawn (Thumbs up!). If your pawn lands on a different color home-space, the board is spun one quarter turn which changes the order of play completely making it much more unpredictable and exciting.With easy set up and suitable for ages 6 and up this is a great family game. You're just about to get home and someone spins the board: `Sorry!' The only downside is that you can only get into your `home space' by exact count which means going around in circles. As well as that, it is basically the same game. So, if you don't like games like SORRY! or AGGRAVATION stay away. Other than that, enjoy!4 out of 5 stars
We've all played Sorry!  It's so much fun to go around bumping your friends and family off the board with the vengeance of a crazy general.  It also is good for teaching simple strategy and logic to children without their even realizing it.  Sorry! Spin takes the game and adds a twist (heh. . .) that gives a fresh look for those who may have grown tired of the classic game (I haven't).The game set itself isn't very high quality as far as the hardware goes.  You do have to do a bit of assembly & it's a pain to take back apart knowing you'll have to do it again.  I don't trust that it'll last for too long like the old board has.Overall, it's a fun game and fans of the classic Sorry! should give it a look.Final Verdict: 3.5/5.-AP3-
My kids are 8 and 11.  We enjoy this update to the classic Sorry!, as it is more complex.  When you're trying to visualize a few moves ahead, the possibility of the board spinning makes it more challenging.  It's still Sorry!, though, so the biggest element is still randomness (and can still cause sore losers to stomp away angry.  Not that we would know anything about that.).This game does take a few minutes to set up, and the gearing isn't all that smooth.  But it's reasonable, given that this game is not very expensive.  And the kids seems to like setting it up and adjusting it just right, anyway.
My family has really enjoyed playing this updated version of an old favorite. The basic rules are the same as in the original Sorry! Each player has four pawns to move around the board from Start to Home. You draw a card to find out how many spaces you can move your game piece. Landing on another player's pawn sends them back to start as does the Sorry! card, just as in the classic version.What's different about Sorry Spin is the spinning board. The center circle is the main board, with connecting circles for each color's home which fit together like gears. The challenge of the spinning board is your home is contantly changing position in relation to the main board. You may be just a few spaces away from reaching your home track when the board will spin and you will end up all the way across the board from your home.It took about 5 minutes to assemble the game board, which seems very sturdy. We had some trouble spinning the board on a slick surface (wood table, counter top), but when we placed it on a placemat, it worked fine. A nice addition is a box that can be assembled and used to store the cards.This is a great family game which is faster paced than the original version of the game due to the spinning board and a shorter path between start and home. Also any number gets a pawn out of start. (unlike the original which requires a 1 or 2). Older kids and adults will enjoy the suggested variation of the two-player game in which each person selects two different colors instead of only one.
Everyone in my family loves board games.Whether you'll like this game mainly depends on whether you like the original Sorry.  In my opinion, the game (both original Sorry and Sorry Spin) is too simple for adults, but perfect for young children.  Although there are a couple of new elements, this game plays very similarly to the original.  The game pieces are pretty, and the I really like the spinning gears that comprise the board.  One aspect I find valuable is that you can let someone else win, and you have some control over how long the game will last.  If you've played with young kids, you understand the value of these attributes.It's flexible enough in how you divide your moves, on certain cards, that you do have an element of strategy, but this game is mostly one of luck.  I think it would be a great aid to a child learning how to count, or working on subtraction skills.The board does not fit back into the box, once assembled, so I simply never put it back in there.  Nothing on the board broke... but I just don't think it will last if I keep snapping it together and apart.  I got a medium pizza box (clean and unused) and it solved the problem.  Having something more than a piece of cardboard to play on really helps keep kids interested.To sum it up: if you really like Sorry, consider buying this game.  If you're looking for something as complex as holographic nuclear laser chess, this isn't what you're looking for.
The only thing I might change about this game is the art on the box. It gives the impression of a wild and crazy spinning fest with lots of motion and action. So naturally, once my son and I assembled the wheels and gears, he had a ball making them spin like mad.But that's not how the game is played. You move around the main circle but the SORRY cards often ask you to rotate -- not spin -- the gears and reconfigure where your game pieces are in relation to where they need to go. It's not very complicated but it is rather ingenious. How do they come up with these things?My wife's biggest concern was, how do you get it back in the box. Will it end up like other toys and games that were not designed with how to store them? Actually it's pretty easy to disconnect the gears and get them back in the box.I grew up playing the original SORRY, a fun classic game that's kind of like Parchessi with cards instead of dice. The classics are classics for a reason, but this game is a nice variation with just enough gimmick but not enough to overshadow the fun of the original.
"In my family, We used to play the classic game ""Sorry"" quite often. This variation on the classic game adds an interesting twist to the gameboard but unfortunately the solidity of the product is questionable. It was not that easy to put together and doesn't give the user confidence that the game will last a long time, especially when playing with kids who tend to be rough with things (mine). I was offered to review this product for the Vine program and so my game was free to me, but I cannot believe that the cost of the game is worth the low quality of the board. (Another oddity to me, is that the red pieces go with the clearly orange board. To me, they don't look like the same color. This may not be a huge deal, but it does point to the cheap production of the toy,  which is the overall flaw of this game.)"
I've always loved the original Sorry. This new Spin version can be just as much fun, but the magic is clouded by the flimsy plastic contraption feel of the game. The need for it to be assembled can dissuade the traditional board gamer from taking the time to set it up - not that it's difficult, but simply that it is an additional step which needs to be done.It plays remarkably similar to original Sorry. With its simple, unpredictable card-based game play and its quick turnaround action, Sorry Spin can be great fun, but it is hardly a replacement to its predecessor. I prefer the sensation of thumping pawns along on a durable one-piece classic board over the airy feel of a hollow plastic system of cogs.It's a little bit different. It's fun. I just prefer the original.
We bought this for my son for Christmas.  We love games and love the original Sorry.After you finish setting up with cheap and inexpensive plastic pieces the game starts.  The board is much smaller, circle shaped and no room for the 4 pieces you are playing with, or for the cards.  There is a small circle where you play on then 4 smaller circles where you are trying to get into.This game is a bit like the original sorry but you don't need a 1 or 2 to get out and the only game changer is the twisting of the board which doesn't do much for the outcome.We opened it up tonight, played one game and were bored with it immediately.  Boxed it up nicely and it will be going to Goodwill tomorrow.The original game of Sorry is so fun as it changes constantly, you can be close to winning one minute then losing the next.  And, that is what makes it so fun.  This new game doesn't even come close.Wish the manufacturer would have spent a bit more time on the game as it did have potential.Sorry, I am so sorry I bought this game.
My family and I were excited that another version of Sorry has been produced.  We purchased Sorry the Board Game about two years ago to use as a tool to initiate some quality family bonding time and it worked.  In this day and age of digital TV, cable TV, DVD, cell phones, smart phones, facebook, myspace and all this other stuff that has family members isolated and communicating with superchardged technology...we can appreciate some old fashion, basic, simple, yet FUN games like Sorry Spin.  So now we have a little more variety to ensure that we do not get bored with the games.  Sorry Spin is almost like the original, it has the same colors, and the pawns look the same, and the basics of the game are the same except tha the board spins.If you are looking for some clean, wholesome, basic, simple fun for all members of the family...this is your game (and the price is very reasonable).  It does not matter if you have never played the original Sorry Board Game...you will enjoy just the same.
"This is an excellent ""spin"" of the game Sorry!  It fits in well with the younger crowd, and very entertaining for adults.I'm personally more into strategy and Euro games, but every once in a while I like to lean my head back and have a game of simplicity.  Sorry! Spin fits the bill just fine.The object of the game is just like regular Sorry!, except here the board is circular, and there are cards that can turn the main board of the game, thus making some pieces closer to home than before, and some far behind.It certainly needs a lot of adult help, as the game pretty much comes as a kit.  You have to build the game right down to the card tuck box, but once it's built it only needs minor dismantlement to put back away.  The pieces do seem a bit flimsy, so don't go smashing your fist on it if someone sends your piece back to start!"
"I am not impressed with this attempt to re-make the original version of Sorry.First, the game is made of plastic pieces that must be put together by an adult, and then it won't fit in the box after you are finished playing. The instructions say to take it apart and re-make it each time...not going to happen. And if I did this, then it would be broken after the third or so use because of the flimsy plastic, and the kids couldn't do the putting together and taking apart - always and adult was needed.Second, the box says it is for 6 to 9 year olds, and I don't think it was market tested on this age group. I tried it out on several kids. The younger kids didn't get the concept of spinning and turning the disks - especially the instruction to ""turn one quarter clockwise to the right"" at a certain point in the game. They couldn't keep up with it. The seven and nine year olds got frustrated and bored quickly. An adult is ALWAYS needed to instruct and help...not good.So the original, folding board game is better and my groups of test kids liked it more and could do it alone after minor instruction, so that is what we kept - not this new version."
