Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
"The gift pack I received contained 6 Zoobles and their associated ""Happitats.""  Upon removing one of the Zoobles from the packaging, a 2mm metal rod fell out of one of the Zoobles, underscoring the warning that these are not for small children (under 3) and not safe for curious pets.  They are quite fragile, and probably won't hold up to rough play.I gave the Zoobles to my granddaughter, and she was delighted with them at first.  She was frustrated because one of the Zoobles refused to close, and another refused to open when placed appropriately on its ""Happitat.""  Two of the Zoobles had issues with the eyes either staying open or staying closed.  However, my granddaughter quickly ""diagnosed"" the closed ones as ""sleepy"" and the always-open ones as ""having too much coffee.""  The point I am making is that regardless of the faults I see in them, she really loves playing with them.From a quality perspective, these things are of very low quality.  As other reviews have stated, there are problems with the Zoobles closing, or opening in some cases.  The metal piece I found when opening the packaging also shows that there are some manufacturing issues at hand.  From an entertainment value perspective, the Zoobles do seem to be fun for the kids.  Kids with big imaginations who like to pretend play will love the Zoobles.  Personally, I think the Zoobles are overpriced for what you are getting, and I have serious reservations about recommending them to anyone."

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.02940194495022297,0.029093319550156593,0.029029827564954758,0.02972053736448288,0.028957294300198555,0.029364831745624542,0.029352059587836266,0.02979605831205845,0.02943280339241028,0.0301200021058321,0.02865654230117798,0.028973815962672234,0.029462603852152824,0.029871992766857147,0.029384437948465347,0.029025720432400703,0.030194858089089394,0.029197532683610916,0.028684599325060844,0.029466483741998672,0.029220396652817726,0.029308469966053963,0.03004809468984604,0.029838712885975838,0.029843876138329506,0.029813896864652634,0.02919655479490757,0.029038313776254654,0.029912786558270454,0.029942307621240616,0.029450343921780586,0.02904212288558483,0.02846892550587654,0.02968788892030716
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
"I got these for my niece. They are so adorable, and I love how they can go inside their little hidey habitat. However, I wonder how long these will last. The second time I ""opened"" a zooble I had a hard time getting it's ""flaps"" to close again. For a gentle, patient kid, this will probably be great. But if my 6-year-old boy got a hold of them... we'd be finding those brightly colored pieces for weeks. They remind me a lot of the Littlest Pet Shop. So, the kind of kid who likes those will probably like the Zoobles, too."
"If you're unfamiliar with Zoobles, the easiest way to describe them is to say that they're a combination of Bakugan and Littlest Pet Shop.  If your daughter likes one or both of these, she'll probably like Zoobles.The Zoobles themselves are exactly like Bakugan - small figures that collapse into a round ball.  When the bottom of the ball is placed on something metal, the figure springs open into its shape.  However, they are themed more toward girls with plenty of pink, purple and other soft colors.  This gift pack also comes with 3 ""Happitats"" for the Zoobles to sit on (or in).  These features are very similar to Littlest Pet Shop toys.On the tops of the happitats are a small metal disc that allows them to pop open into their shapes.  In this way, unlike Bakugan, there's no strategy or cards needed.  Placing the Zooble inside a happitat rather than on it allows it to stay in its ball shape rather than springing open.  I guess this is for when they're ""sleeping"".So what do they do - basically nothing.  It's up to your imagination.  Take that as you want.  If your child likes to make their own pretend play this is probably great.  If you're looking for the set to come with some sort of strategy, moving parts, etc, then you'll probably want to look at a different toy.They do seem to have more details than Bakugan - some of them have tails, ears, hands/arms, legs, noses, and not least of all, eyes.  Now a clarification on the eyes - some Zoobles' eyes change each time you close and open them.  Some Zoobles have 3 different eye pattern (looking straight ahead, looking up, and closed).  Therefore, these ones appear like they're not closing their eyes when they are closed, but in reality, since there's 3 positions, they ARE working properly.  Some Zoobles have a nose which when pushed make the eyes move.  Some noses can be pushed to make the Zooble pop open, whereas other noses don't make them pop open.  With so many combinations, I think it's easy to confuse this with not working properly.  Since there's no instructions on what each Zoobles' features are, it's hard to tell.  This would be my recommendation to spinmaster - include a card or paper for each Zooble (they are ""collectible"" after all) which highlights these differences and what the Zooble should actually do.Quality is on par for a product of this type.  I've found that the best way to close them is to close all ears, hands, arms, etc THEN close the feet where the magnet is located.  This ensures they stay shut.  Closing that part first sometimes causes the ears or other parts to stay open.  The only thing I think was ""cheap"" is that on the Happitats, where the metal disc is placed, it's only covered by a sticker the same color as the plastic.  Some of these were already peeling off when I opened the package, and I can easily see them coming off.  It won't affect the functionality of the toy, you'll just see a shiny metal disc on top rather than a colored sticker.The gift pack is really just 5 Zoobles and 3 Happitats which come in a vinyl zippered bag.  The bag is ok to put them back into, but is actually quite oversized for this set alone.  If you have other Zoobles from separate purchases the bag is probably a nice addition to keep them all together.  There's no accessory items like brushes, purses, flowers, or whatever else, so no real small parts to lose or keep track of.In terms of value, I can't really asses it since I received these as part of Amazon Vine.  Personally, I don't think I'd spend the full retail price for them, and I predict that like most new/fad toys, the price will decline to something more reasonable in the future.  If comparing to Bakugan, you'll get about 6 Bakugan for the same price, though you'd get extra cards and no ""happitats"".  Littlest Pet Shop gift packs are around the same price or a bit cheaper.  From that comparison, the Zoobles Gift Pack is probably at least in the right ballpark compared to similar products.Overall, I'm giving it 4 stars.  I don't see any major problems with quality, they are marketed to the right audience, and are priced similarly to the two toys that they are easiest to compare to.For the record, my gift pack included the following Zoobles:#113 Wensley#114 Zizi#115 Panzi#117 Daniela#118 DellAlso, and I'm checking with the Vine program, I was sent the item that actually seems to beZoobles Petagonia Gift Pack.  When I compare the pictures, I have that exact item, whereas the picture for the item of this review is slightly different.  In fact, the item number under UPC on my item is 20034543."
My two youngest daughters are having a lot of fun with this toy.  The little figures pop out of their shells, so to speak, each with a different set of arms and extensions, making each figure unique.  My youngest daughter ranks each one from least coolest to most collest - in the end, they are all cool. The characters come with small spheres which they can stand on, where they are held in place by magnets. Their features, like the eyes set inside their heads, are also manipulable.  The figures also come in fun, distinct colors.  I would caution against giving this toy to very young children since the toys are on the borderline of choking hazards - a very small child may be tempted to put the small spheres in their mouth.
"I received these much to my two girls delight.  After seeing advertisements of these little toys they were certainly ready to play with the zoobles playset.  They are cute little animal figures which each picked out their favorites quite quickly. It comes with a nice plastic zippered bag with handle which makes the zoobles easily carried from place to place.After about a day or so the girls didn't play with them at all.  I guess the ""fun"" of watching them change from a ball to the animal character was short lived.  If your children love to play with Bakugan its similar with a girly twist.  They are a little bigger than Bakugan and ALOT more colorful.  I just don't see what's so fun about it but neither do my kids. For the right child they are made well and are cute to collect (though I feel they are costly)."
okay, so I turned this suitacse over to the kids and they loved them, even or especially the boys. Couldn't get enough of them. Kind of an expanding ball.they were all gone by lunch time.Nobody knew where they were . . .Cat ate them, I guess.Yeah, your kids will like them. A lot. I like that fact they are NOT a choking hazard.
My girls were crazy for Bakugan last year but lost interest in it because it was hard to identify what each ball unfolded into. These new Zoobles are by the same company and the candy colors caught their eye at once. They like the collectibility of being able to choose a specific animal and collect all the variations of it. I've noticed they mostly play with them like marbles - knocking them out of boundaries or rolling them through tracks they've made. While they also like to open and close them, I don't see them using them as action figures very often. This set was a great cross section of the line. There are enough pets to entertain them, and it let me know they would never use the playsets.I think I will pick up a few more for their stockings this year. Zoobles are going to be hot this holiday. I think they're cute but probably a short lived fad. (Maybe not - Bakugan are still going strong with their male cousins). Good gift for 6 to 9 year old girls or boys - this gift pack is a better way to go than a large play set. The small size makes them great for playing on the bus to school or in the car. Easy to slip back in their pocket so I don't have to carry / keep track of the toy! Wish they were priced a bit lower, but all the toys seem to have gone up in price this last year.
I gave these Zoobles to my young kids and they seem to have a blast with them. They are very similar to Bakugan where the cute little animals can transfer into balls and vice versa. They are little bigger in size and more colorful. They are well built and could withdraw reaonable abuses for the whole week that my kids were playing with them. After a week, my kids lost interest in them and went back to their other toys. I guess the toys are fun to play with initially but after a while, the ball-animal transformation becomes dull and routine. Well, at least the gift pack comes in a re-useable, soft carrying case that the kids can use to store away their little animal balls.
When this arrived, my 7 year old daughter knew immediately what they were. Bakugan for girls, she says they're called at school. They're bright, colorful and seemed designed to appeal to girls who love Littlest Pet Shop or My Little Pony Ponyville figures. That being said, I'd recommend them for the slightly older 6+ rather than 5 and up the packaging states. The ears, tails, flippers etc. seem rather flimsy and it doesn't seem like it'd take much to break or smash one of these little fellows. We haven't had any problems with eyes not opening or closing, but as other reviewers have mentioned, it's best to tuck in the extra bits before closing them into the ball shape. They are cute, but for the price, it seems like there should be more included. The bag does zipper tight and seems like it'd be a good place to keep everything in one place. Overall, I don't understand the appeal, but then, I'm not the target audience. My daughter loves them and has had a lot of fun creating stories and adventures for her set. They do encourage imaginative play and don't make any loud, annoying noises so that's definitely a plus.
Zoobles are curious things.  Overall, I like them.  They go well with my Littlest Pet Shop collection.  This pack of Zoobles comes with 5 different Zoobles and three habitats.  What does a Zooble do?  Simple.  You crunch it into a ball and when it goes on to its habitat, it pops up and becomes a fish, penguin, panda, etc.These toys are not for children who put things in their mouths.  They have magnets and tiny pieces that might break off.  Zoobles are ideal for kids 5 and up and work well if paired with Littlest Pet Shop.My only qualm with this set is that of my five Zoobles, one of them doesn't pop into ball form correctly.  I've tried different ways to do it, but it just doesn't catch right.On the other hand, they're adorable and their habitats are perfect to store the Zoobles in a table, dresser, or shelf!
This is really cute set. The zipper bag is really big to make it more enticing, but Zoobles are tiny little mechanical balls that open up when you place them on their Happitat bases or other magnetic surfaces, as my kids promptly discovered. The characters are very cute and we love how they open up and have all those tiny details - movable flippers, ears, tails, etc. It seems to be a good toy for on the go, when you have to drive far or wait for an appointment, kids can bring it along and play. Too bad that the bag they came in is too big - you might need 20 sets to appropriately fill it. There is no story or definitive play rules for the toy so it is open-ended and encourages pretend play. I am removing one star because of the price and because one of the Zoobles (#117) wouldn't open its eyes when you press on its head unless you roll your finger over it. I can see tiny piece of plastic hanging inside its head, probably it is the reason eyes do not open. They do close though.I wish I was the little girl to play with those.
"The Zoobles packaging is definitely alluring for the little ones, they love the zippered case (which makes it seem like you are getting a lot more at 14 1/2 inches wide and almost ten inches tall).  The Zooble magnetized habitates are about 2 inches and the zoobles themselves range from a little over an inch in ball form to about two inches when they ""pop up"".The positives: they are cute and little kids are drawn to them. Also, having five animals and three habitats makes it ""share-friendly"" for multiple kid play which extends the interest and the time they play with them. The moving eyes were a draw to everyone who saw them, even the older folks not playing with them. Additionally, when they are done playing with them the kids pack them up in the zippered bag so that was handy too.They remind me of the interest that ""Pretty Ponies"" generated and then Polly Pockets.  These Zoobles remind me of the Polly Pocket Pet Shop animals idea - as if they had been made larger and a bit more cartoonish (but still cute).The negatives, if you have a range of ages in the house, you have to watch the younger kids (as you would with any choking size item).  The ears, fins, wings, plumes, etc. are attached by plastic to hinges which offer the opportunity to have pieces break off in the hands of your more rambuncious kids though the four year old and five year old playing with them handled them pretty gently because of their cuteness and treating them as though they were alive.  They remind me of the sturdiness of fast food toys from about 15 years ago - when they were making those to stand up to a little wear but not to last forever.Zoobles will probably have huge interest now which will wane when the next big ""thing"" comes along. Having said that, if your child (or grandchild) is age appropriate and is drawn to the packaging, they will probably want to collect them and are likely to play with them (particularly if they have a sibling or friend over).  However, they do have a somewhat high price for what the actual product is - so be aware that you are paying for the play time that they will create now, which depending on the child, might be worth the investment or might not."
My daughter loves Littlest Pet Shop, so I thought these would be a good alternative. Unfortunately they weren't. My daughter enjoyed playing with them for a while (not typical for her she can play for hours with a bouncy ball).PROS:-Colorful-Attractive reusable back for storage (though it is disproportionately large for the amount of toys it holds)CONS:-Seem fragile-Ears don't close if the legs are closed first-Zero educational value. After a few times of having them pop open when placed on their happitats it becomes un-amusing-Choking hazard-Overpriced.
I admit I didn't have the highest of expectations for this toy.  It looked like little pieces of plastic - not something that would normally draw my attention.  However, I ended up being pleasantly surprised at what people can do with little pieces of plastic and how fun they can make them.This is a set of five small, colored animals.  You can close them into sleep mode, making them turn into balls.  The zoobles come with three habitats.  They can sleep inside.  Or if you place them on top or to the side, the sleeping ball suddenly awakes and pops back up into animal form.The bag it comes with is much larger than is necessary.  Perhaps this is to facilitate collecting more zoobles.  However, I'd prefer a small bag since this would be a handy toy to take along for travel.Educationally, it's limited to the physical skills of closing the zoobles (with the exception of the yellow one, where you have to close the ears before the rest of the body, my toddler was able to do this), understanding the functions of the interior versus the side and top of the habitats and identifying the animals and the colors.  My son expected each animal to have a habitat that matched its color, so he thought the set was missing two.I'd rate this high on the fun factor though.  It's a portable toy that can keep kids entertained for a while.  Since the balls can roll away if you aren't careful though, just make sure it is played with in an area where the zoobles won't get lost.My two year old figured out how this works pretty quickly and the toy kept his attention for almost an hour.  Even better, he played with it for long periods on subsequent days.  When his friends came over, this toy also attracted their attention and interest.  So for a toy I wouldn't have normally paid much attention to, now I'm thinking it could make a nice gift for young children.
"My 5-year old niece knew what these were the minute we opened the package- down to immediately informing me that they ""spring to life"". (There's a big TV campaign on the kids channels that have created a lot of ""playground buzz""). This has replaced her obsession with the ""Littlest Pet Shop"" collectibles for the time being.Here's the ups and downs we found with this set:1) Particularly good set for a first hands-on experience with Zoobles. Five is enough figures to keep them engaged and with the multiple happitats and the over-sized pack it's a nice way to get them set on the road of the new obsession. The ""whale"" zooble for some reason was the all time favorite of the set.2) As other Zooble triers may have mentioned - you have to follow a certain order for the figures to close properly and easily. Legs generally are the last part you should collapse (for the whale - for example - it's tale first, fins then legs). But, it's not all that complicated - and they do what they're supposed to do.3) The bag, while oversized for this collection, is a pre-school princesses dream with it pink, purple and blue design. Plus, it's great for holding (and dreaming about) future Zooble additions.4) Do not get, if you have kids 3 or under in the house - since they are easily a choking hazard. The age range for this one seems to be about 4-7, and definitely more for girls.5) Personally, I think for what they are the price is a tad high (if it's still listed over twenty bucks.) But, I suspect after the holidays are over - they may come down. As always, it's best to shop around since prices can vary so much on these things. And, if you shop for toys regularly on this site you probably know they can even change daily.BOTTOM LINE: My niece wanted to take these to school with her to show off and now ""more Zoobles"" is up at the top of her holiday wish list. Zoobles are one of the HOT TOYS for pre-school princesses this season, and I think this is one of the best initial Zoobles sets you can get for a gift."
"My 5 year old son actually plays with these, he liked Bakugan and little ""cute"" toys from vending machines, so I thought this would sort of be a combo of that.  He really likes them and loves to put them in their little homes.  It's also nice to see them pop open when on their stands.  I do think they could be broken easily if kids pull on the parts to open them instead of letting the magnets do it.  Also, a couple of them open and close their eyes, but it doesn't seem to be everytime, so sometimes the eyes are ""sleeping"" when it's open or ""awake"" when it's closed up in it's house.  That doesn't seem to bother my son much, just something I noticed.  For such little pieces of plastic, I think they're overpriced.  They are darn cute though!"
"This is our first experience with Zoobles.  Overall, these are very cute little toys and my daughter loves them.  However, she needs to be delicate (not an easy task for a three year old, but she manages) when folding the Zoobles back up into little balls, as they don't look like they'll take much abuse.  Also, sometimes it is hard for her to line them up correctly so they'll pop open (the little magnetic dot on the Zooble needs to line up exactly even with the magnetic dot on the Happitat, or else the Zooble won't ""spring to life"" as expected.)  She will fiddle around with it until she gets it right, but there is one Zooble that never opens completely all the way.  Overall, not a bad toy and I'm sure we will probably end up with more of these at some point even though, in my opinion, they are a bit overpriced.  For what you pay for these, I would expect them to do a little more than just pop open.  My daughter does play with these Zoobles often, but not for long periods of time, as they don't do anything except ""spring to life"".  This is cute (with her) for a little while, but she gets bored with them rather quickly. Still, though, she keeps returning to them so I guess that says a lot about what she thinks of them."
"The gift pack I received contained 6 Zoobles and their associated ""Happitats.""  Upon removing one of the Zoobles from the packaging, a 2mm metal rod fell out of one of the Zoobles, underscoring the warning that these are not for small children (under 3) and not safe for curious pets.  They are quite fragile, and probably won't hold up to rough play.I gave the Zoobles to my granddaughter, and she was delighted with them at first.  She was frustrated because one of the Zoobles refused to close, and another refused to open when placed appropriately on its ""Happitat.""  Two of the Zoobles had issues with the eyes either staying open or staying closed.  However, my granddaughter quickly ""diagnosed"" the closed ones as ""sleepy"" and the always-open ones as ""having too much coffee.""  The point I am making is that regardless of the faults I see in them, she really loves playing with them.From a quality perspective, these things are of very low quality.  As other reviews have stated, there are problems with the Zoobles closing, or opening in some cases.  The metal piece I found when opening the packaging also shows that there are some manufacturing issues at hand.  From an entertainment value perspective, the Zoobles do seem to be fun for the kids.  Kids with big imaginations who like to pretend play will love the Zoobles.  Personally, I think the Zoobles are overpriced for what you are getting, and I have serious reservations about recommending them to anyone."
"Zoobles are the newest collectable toy for youngsters, and Spin Master, their maker, is obviously hoping they will be the ""it toy"" of the 2010 holiday season.  They are cute little animal figures that can be folded into a ball, then will pop open when they are placed on a magnet.This starter pack comes with five Zoobles (my pack had Wensley, Zizi, Panzi, Daniella, and Dell, Zoobles # 113-118), and 3 ""Happitats"", which are basically very small houses for the Zoobles, with one or more magnets that will pop them open.  It has a vinyl carry bag that would probably hold dozens of Zoobles and quite a few Happitats.Fans of the Littlest Petshop or My Little Pony line of toys will probably like these too.  They're little and cute, and they transform, which is kind of neat.  On the other hand, they don't seem like you get a lot for the price.  The Zoobles, Happitats, and the bag all have a slightly cheap and fragile feeling to them, so I'm not sure how long they'll last.My five year old likes them fine, but after the initial excitement of getting a new toy, she doesn't seem to like them any better than her Petshop or Pony figures."
"My preschool boys are super into the Bakugans and the Zoobles.  Zoobles are far cuter, and possibly more ""girly"" but my boys like them.  Actually, they were more excited about them than I expected.  The cute little things became the center of their existence for a few days.  In case you've never seen a Zooble or Bakugan, they are small, a bit smaller than a ping pong ball.  They are activated by a magnet, which causes them to pop open, becoming some little creature.PROS:Very cuteEasy to play withFrustration free packaging--just open and pull them outCONS:They ARE a touch fragile.  The ones with ears that pop out seem to be the most prone to lose appendages.  Our chihuahua lost an ear, sadly.Still, they're worth buying for boys or girls of preschool age."
We were not familiar with the Zoobles world, didnt even know they exsisted, and I am glad we gave it a try. They were a great hit with my little girl. They are similar to the Bakugan toys my son use to like. They seem well made and are very detailed and pretty. They also come in a study clear pink/white handbag/gift pack type case great for storage or keeping them organize. They are a bit pricy but I would recommend them.
"I have two girls and thought I would have them try these new Zoobles, not really knowing what to expect. Upon first glance, the Zoobles are very cute. They actually do look a lot like a cross between the Littlest Pet Shop toys and Bakugan. My girls are not really into either one of those which is probably why they were not really into the Zoobles.The Zoobles come in a plastic carrying case that looks like a purse. You receive Five Zoobles creatures, two double Happitats, one single Happitat, a vinyl carrying bag with handle. There is a website so you can go online and see your Zoobles characters online as well as in the flesh. Another probably I had with the Zoobles is although my two girls are old enough to play with the Zoobles, my two younger boys are not and the fact that the Zoobles are in the shape of the ball, making it even more desirable for my little ones to try and get. Since my girls were not really into the Zoobles after the usual ""we got a new toy"" excitement wore off, I just put them away so my other two younger children would not be in danger of choking on the small parts.I would recommend this toy to any child who is interested in Bakugan or The Littlest Pet Shop toys. They would probably love these cute little creatures too!"
"While they don't look like much more than brightly colored, round little creatures on the surface, Zoobles can spark most young imaginations into all sorts of adventure.  This particular gift pack comes with five Zoobles creatures, three ""Happitats"" for them to live in, and a large vinyl bag to tuck everything nicely away in.Children can press the little Zoobles into balls and roll them around all over the place.  When placed on top of the ""Happitats,"" the creatures spring open and kids can play with the creatures even more.  When it's time for one of the creatures to ""sleep,"" children can place the character inside of one of the ""Happitats"" and they will snugly stay put until it's time to play some more.I have a nine year-old daughter and a three year-old son, and both of them find these little toys very fun to play with.  Of course, my daughter's attention span wears out a lot quicker than my son's does, since the toy is better suited to younger children, but I'm sure there are plenty of older girls who will want these little critters simply to collect them.  While the color-scheme on these toys appears to be geared more toward young girls, there are probably plenty of younger boys out there who would love to play with this set as well.Keep in mind that these toys are small.  They are roughly the same size as ""Littlest Pet Shop"" figures but, in my opinion, are a lot more fun to play with.  With that said, very young children should be observed while playing with these toys.  A good rule to follow is that if your child still has a tendency to put any and everything they come into contact with into their mouth, don't let them play with these toys.The bag that these toys comes in is rather large.  Some might see that as a bad thing, but I like the fact that there is plenty of room for storage and I'm not fighting to fit everything perfectly into place.Overall, these toys rely heavily on imagination in order to make them fun.  Isn't that what all of the best toys are supposed to do in the first place?  Recommended to families with children between the ages of four and ten, but if you have a child nearing four like I do and will keep an eye on them, three year-olds will enjoy this as well."
THE GOOD: These are cute and more fun than you would think for such a simple toy. Each Zooble can be rolled into a little ball. They have magnets at the bottom and pop open when they come into contact with their habitats or other metals. The magnets are covered and you'd have to crack open your Zooble to get it out. I had as much fun as my toddler rolling these across her xylophone and watching them pop open. My daughter really liked their zip up container and now uses it to carry around her books and other toys.THE BAD: The pop out ears on one of the Zoobles in this pack is the cutest thing, but the part I'd think would mostly likely break off. Though they seem to be otherwise well constructed, I still don't look at this toy and feel the price is justified. If the price was chopped in half, they'd still be slightly overpriced. Unless a child specifically requested these as a gift, I wouldn't recommend purchasing them.
"I have two daughters, ages 5 and 4.  They immediately were drawn to this products colorful packaging.  To be honest, zoobles didn't look like much to me, but to my girls, they cleaned the playroom immediately when I promised that they could open the zoobles after it was finished.  This playset consists of three happitats and 5 zoobles.  When you press the zoobles, they roll up into cute little balls.  The eyes are SUPPOSED to close, but they seem to close inconsistently.  The creatures have magnets on the bottom and the happitats also have magnets.  When you place them on top of the magnets, they pop open.  You can also cause the zoobles to roll into balls by closing them up inside the happitats.So far the girls like them and I think they would rate them 5 stars.  My girls come up with all sorts of storylines.  My 5 year old describes this toy as ""Bakugan for girls.""  These are a cross between Littlest Pet Shop and Bakugan.I rate them 3 stars because they seem kind of cheap, but I averaged out the girls' rating and my rating to a 4.  I am not sure what the longevity of this toy will be in terms of play time and durability.  To me, the zoobles themselves seem flimsy.  Right out of the package, the eyes didn't close on 3 of them just by closing them.  Some of them have little plastic parts that pop up.  I wonder if they will fall off.  Honestly, if they don't, I'll be surprised.  I definitely think these are expensive for what they are.If your kids like Littlest Pet shop and similar type miniature toys, they may like zoobles.  They are different from LPS but probably can be incorporated into LPS playsets.Update:  Since I wrote this review, we had two play dates.  All of the little girls (ages 4, 5, and 6) had a great time playing with the Zoobles.  All of the children recognized this toy as Bakugan for girls.  The only other negative I have noticed is that there are 5 zoobles and only three habitats.  I wish they incldued the same number of habitats as zoobles."
this is yet another hit with my grand-daughter via Amazon Vine.  We were so impressed with the Zoobles Gift Pack Version 2 that we went out and purchased on of the large habitats for the Zoobles to play in (she doen't get this until Christmas).  Hours and hours of fun are anticipated as the Zoobles are already a big hit!
I can't deny that these are cute. Any preschooler will probably be happy with just the bag, which is a purple and pink treasure surely aimed at girls. The bag would be nice to lug around Barbies in.The Zoobles themselves are brightly colored, which again will appeal to kids. The little yellow guy has cute big ears; the green fellow has hearts on his forehead. The names are also cute: Wensley, Zizi, Panzi, Daniela, and Dell. However, as far as quality goes, they look like Happy Meal toys. They are extremely overpriced. You can buy a set of ten Littlest Pet Shop figures, with accessories and a carrying bag, for less than half the price of this one Zoobles set of five (with no accessories). Five zoombles cost four times more than five LPS figures. Sure, the LPS guys don't pop open, but then you don't have to struggle to tuck them back up into a ball, either.We received these as a sample, and they will be going to Toys for Tots, where some child is sure to enjoy them. But when it comes time to open my wallet, we'll be sticking with Littlest Pet Shop figures and giving these a miss.
Zoobles are the answer from bakugan for girls.  The problem is I do not believe girls will play with these like boys do with bakugan.  Our 6 year old played with them for about a hour and has not touched them for over month. Just another toy laying around.To the credit of the toy they are cute for girls.  No real educational value with Zoobles other than making them a ball :).I would not recommend these to family and friends unless they were getting them for a deep discount because the toy loses its luster quickly
My daughter loves this Zoobles set!  She is 5, and is a rough player.  She has played with these non-stop for the past week.  They a have held up much better than I imagined.These cute creatures hide inside their homes until you open up the house.  They remain in a ball until you put them on top of their habitat.  Then, the magnetic mechanism causes the Zooble to pop open!These really are cute and fun!Package is easy to open.  No assembly required!  YAY!
"Gave this for my two boys, ages 2 and 5, as a present for doing their chores and good behavior. My two year old, who loves balls, really enjoyed the popping action of these cute characters. He used these on his train set by rolling them around in their ball shaped down its downward ramps  and slide and was thrilled when they would play peek a boo in some of the downward actions. My 5 year old, who could use the habitats and toy as it was designed, enjoyed playing ""house"" with them. I was worried about their durablility and was very impressed that these toys really seem to hold up under rough play. Not much eduaction value, unless teaching skills of placing behind/in front of/next to/ on/under directional lessons. The reusable carring case is girl orientated and oversized when the packaging material is removed so we used a ziplock plasic bag for storage purposes. The small critters are in primary in bright colors of Yellow, light easter green, aqua blue, red & deep purple and are a little over an inch when closed and an inch and a half when opened. Their eyes close when shut & reopen when they automactlly pop open on the designated magnetic spots on each of the 3 included habitats. It's also a great travel toy for going to places that do not have toys readily available."
Is there a cartoon with these characters?  I wasn't familiar with these little critters before getting this set.  It comes in a cute little bag, but they fit into a plastic insert.  It was hard for me, an adult, to get them out.  I don't think a young child would be able to remove them from this insert.  If an adult gets them out and then removes the insert, they would just rattle around loose in the bag which I don't think would be very good for their survival.  They are made of a rigid plastic.  They have little flaps that are hinged.  I think they are going to break quite easily. When I got the yellow one out and tried to close it up, one of the ears that covers an eye didn't want to close.  I figured out that the ears should be closed before the feet are pushed in.  When you put this one on the base, it immediately opened up - even before you could remove your hand.  I then got out the red one.  It hasn't opened yet.  The yellow one has a spot on the bottom that was attracted to the base.  I assume there is a magnet causing this.  The red one didn't seem to be attracted to the base at all, which is why it probably hasn't opened.I would be very sad if my child requested these critters.  I think there are going to be lots of tears as they break, one by one.  The idea is cute, I just don't think it translated very well to the actual toy.
The Zoobles are cute little transformative toys. My four year old is enjoying the cute little things. Mainly because they are so cute. He likes finding different items that will work with the magnet and having them transform.
"Having LOTS of toy experience  as mother of seven and now grandmother to seven I have to say this is one of those hype toys. The price is way to high for what you get.It is so darn colorful with its pink and blue zipper bag and all those little Zoobles in an array of very bright colors that it is made to make a little girl want to buy it.The Zoobles are fragile little creatures and finicky; sometimes their eyes open when placed on their magnetic ""happitats"" and sometimes they don't. That is frustrating given that that is what these Zoobles do, that's all they do, besides fling their ears, and arms open too. If the makers of this toy, Spin Masters Ltd. can't get the toy to do the one thing it's sold to do, it's a failure.Zoobles is stated to be for 4 years and up but there are so many little eyes, arms, wings and ears that can come loose easily that I would say it is more appropriate for 6 years and up. And pity the mom with a toddler or younger who manages to get ahold of big sisters Zoobles. The Zoobles are golf ball size making it perfect for getting popped in a little mouth and perfect size for choking.I think the colors of the Zoobles is fantastically alluring and that will entice a few little girls to want this toy, but after about an hour of play I am afraid it will end up in the toy bin never to return to action.Comment"
"PROS:+ FRUSTRATION FREE PACKAGING!!!+ My child loves them (playing with them now, in fact!)+ Choking hazard clearly shown on the packagingCONS:- Ears don't close if the legs are closed first on two of the Zoobles- They appear to be fragile with several small parts- could be mistaken for my practice golf ballsToys are a very serious pastime at our house. My child lovesLittlest Pet Shop,Chixosand several other toys, so I knew the Zoobles would make a welcome addition to our household.Upon opening the box, my child sang the Zoobles song (kudos to the advertising campaign on Nickelodeon...) and smiled from ear to ear, telling me how cute they were. I knew adventures were going to be epic once she welcomed the Zoobles into her rapidly growing toy family.It only took a few minutes to remove the Zoobles from their packaging...not like some toys which have so many anti-theft countermeasures, they require a pair of needlenose pliers, wirecutters, and a blowtorch to be opened.The toys are pretty self-explanatory...you can roll them up into little balls, put them on top of the Happitat and the magnets inside make them spring to life. They're cute, fun, and well decorated.After playing with them for a bit, My child realized the ears on two of the Zoobles wouldn't close if the feet were closed first (see the pictures I uploaded in the ""Images"" section of this product). Other than this, she was quite content to play with these and I can tell she'll be asking my spouse to get a few more.If your child enjoys playing with cutesy collectibles like Littlest Pet Shop, The Zoobles are a good choice. I think this should be marked as ages 5 or over, but that's just me. I marked the product down because of the small parts and the overall fragility of the toys - if your child isn't careful, they could end up with an earless Zooble."
The concept of this is toy is that is a cute alien-like thingy which rolls up into a ball when squeeze/pressed and expands itself into its full form when placed over the casing.Now, what fun factor does it offer ?  The job of this ball thing opening into a this creature with eyes, overly large ears, friend eyes is a lot of fun to see - maybe not for you and me, but for kids.  My 2 year old really enjoys this and these are a lot of fun to hold when they roll into a ball.BTW - these are very well made - good quality plastic each with 3 metallic screws that put the parts together.What I did not like about this one:- When you place the ball into its holder, the ball has to fit into the holder at a particular position, the flat surface of the ball has to sit inside the holder - this is a bit difficult to accomplish for a kid (sometimes even I find it difficult to identify the flat surface)- When curled into a ball - your kid may have a tendency to swallow them - so be careful
