Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
The photo of this product is deceiving. The tubs are large. There is as much, if not more, Presto material in each container as Play Doh includes in the standard cans. I love the containers. They are clear and are more like small bowls. It's easy to get the material in and out of the containers. The lids are secure yet easy to ues for little hands.  Also included in the package is many molds and items to use to create artistic masterpieces with.The Presto material is fluffier than Play Doh.  It's lighter and more foamy. I personally think it's easier to work with than Play Doh. The colors are bright and inviting.  My kids mixed colors and it took some effort but I was able to get the colors apart on most of the material.The dot tools that came with the kit are pretty cool and fun to use.  It's not necessary to use the dots to make things. You can use the material just as you do Play Doh.I gave the kit to my 5yo son and he had a blast.  At first he did use the dots. He really like the rolling pin.  My 3yo like it as well.I think the price point is decent, especially since you get six tubs of material AND two packages of molding accessories.My favorite part is no offensive odor!!!  There's not crumbs of doh laying around.  I do prefer Crayola Presto Dots to Play Doh and this will be what I buy in the future.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.07351063191890717,0.07520248740911484,0.06665941327810287,0.07756952196359634,0.07032571732997894,0.0690627321600914,0.07310663163661957,0.06614821404218674,0.07191900908946991,0.06936023384332657,0.07391121238470078,0.07044383883476257,0.06848134100437164,0.07429907470941544
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
My wife, my two and a half year old boy and me had a lot of fun with this set.  The set includes everything you need to create a variety of toys - feet, bodies, different shape molds.  I had a slightly different expectation of this toy because I did not read the description.  I thought it would be like play-doh, but it is not quite.  Once you create your model, you let it dry and it becomes a toy.The only thing I did not like is that if you are using different colors and you have to reposition a piece of material, it leaves a little bit of residue, so you should plan well before pasting different colors together.I like this toy.
Crayola Model Magic Presto Dots to the Max is a toy designed to stimulate the imagination and creativity. This toy includes clay- like material and several different molds and other tools to create different creatures complete with eyes and dots, to make them look as silly as possible.My girls love Play- Doh, so I was confident they would enjoy the Crayola Model Magic Presto Dots to the Max when it was introduced into my household just a short time ago. From our experience so far, my prediction has held true- my kids do like this toy. The clay- like material is fluffier than Play- Doh and there is almost no smell. It molds easily and is less sticky than other, similar products and is thus a little easier to clean up. My kids like it because they like making things with molds and they enjoy the creative experience.Creativity is certainly the most valuable aspect of Crayola Model Magic Presto Dots to the Max and there is no denying that this toy offers a good deal of entertainment value, but there are some drawbacks to this toy. First, there are too many pieces and they will likely get lost over time. Second, the material is difficult to separate. Once you touch one color to another, you will find that some of the material will be inseparable. But the worst item in the package is the rolling pin. Ordinary rolling pins work the way they do because the handles are situated on the sides, sticking out, so that the rolling surface of the pin touches the surface beneath it- the surface that needs to be rolled. The rolling pin included in this set has handles that don't stick out- they actually extend beyond the roller, above and below, perpendicular to the surface beneath- similar to the wheels on a toy car. Because of this, you cannot roll the pin directly over the material. The handles themselves are what touches the surface beneath- not the roller. This is a major oversight on the part of the manufacturer.Another small issue I have with this toy is that it requires too much attention to detail. Take a good look at the completed creatures on the package and you will know what I am talking about. The creatures are covered with the small dots and look very artistic. I realize that the packaging is intended, in part, to help sell the product but youngsters may get frustrated because it will take far too much effort to get the finished product to look like this. Older children will be able to mimic the creatures on the box, but younger kids will grow frustrated quickly.Crayola makes many fun toys for kids and its Model Magic Presto Dots to the Max is an acceptable toy with some good reasons to buy it, but also some bad points that make it less worthy of purchasing. Since my kids like it and it does encourage creativity, I will go ahead and give it a modest recommendation. However, it is far from the perfect molding toy and it will annoy some parents and kids alike.
"""Crayola Presto Dots to the Max"" gives a new twist on modeling clay. This set comes with 6 colors (yellow green, yellow, blue, orange, white, and red) and materials to make 6 creatures (3 small and 3 large). The set includes a small rolling pin and mat and tools to make ""dots"".You start by molding the body onto the body forms and then using the tools to cut out dots to make faces, add to the bodies, etc. The clay itself has a nice consistency and no odor, which is great. While making the creatures, the colors will mix, though, so you do have to be careful of that.The box says ages 5+ and I do think ages 5 to 12 would like this kit. However, the creatures pictured on the box would be difficult for most adults to do, much less a 5 year-old. I found the smaller creatures were easier to make since it's easier to cover the smaller body forms with the modeling clay.What's also different about this clay is that if kids create a creature they love, they can let it dry overnight and then have it to play with over and over. I think this is a fun new idea for kids. This kit would make a great gift. There are also add-on kids with other colors and forms to make different animals."
The photo of this product is deceiving. The tubs are large. There is as much, if not more, Presto material in each container as Play Doh includes in the standard cans. I love the containers. They are clear and are more like small bowls. It's easy to get the material in and out of the containers. The lids are secure yet easy to ues for little hands.  Also included in the package is many molds and items to use to create artistic masterpieces with.The Presto material is fluffier than Play Doh.  It's lighter and more foamy. I personally think it's easier to work with than Play Doh. The colors are bright and inviting.  My kids mixed colors and it took some effort but I was able to get the colors apart on most of the material.The dot tools that came with the kit are pretty cool and fun to use.  It's not necessary to use the dots to make things. You can use the material just as you do Play Doh.I gave the kit to my 5yo son and he had a blast.  At first he did use the dots. He really like the rolling pin.  My 3yo like it as well.I think the price point is decent, especially since you get six tubs of material AND two packages of molding accessories.My favorite part is no offensive odor!!!  There's not crumbs of doh laying around.  I do prefer Crayola Presto Dots to Play Doh and this will be what I buy in the future.
This was our first experience with Crayola Presto Dots. These things are a little like Play-Doh on steroid. What I really like about the Presto Dots (as an adult) is they don't have the kind of funky smell that Play-Doh and many other similar modeling products have. Does this mean these are more non-toxic than the other products? Dunno, but as a parent I just feel safer.One thing to note is, the product is not as mess-free as the packaging claims. Our kid is a bit too young for the product and the first time we played together he made a big mess despite my supervision. We then invited an older friend over to play together, and the older kid had loads of fun and also much less mess. Lesson learned: observe the stated age range of the product and keep in mind that kids at the low end *will* create some mess.The Presto Dots are tons of fun and really tickles a child's creativity. My kid's teachers say he is not creative at school, but with the Presto Dots he likes to go wild with his creations. Words cannot describe the kind of fun a child will have. He finds the Presto Dots easier to work with than Play-Doh. As a family we're happy with the product (despite the mess it can create) and have bought two more sets as birthday gifts. Amazon's price (at around 17 bucks as of this writing) makes this a good value and a great birhtday gift.
This toy is similar to Play-Doh. In addition to the 'clay', it comes with plastic 'bodies' on to which you can mould the clay and build different characters. There are small tools of different shapes (circle, square, triangle, star etc) with which you can pick 'buttons' to decorate your character. The finished characters look nice and most of the tools work alright.- The clay given is not enough to complete all character moulds provided in the kit. You need to purchase additional clay- Some of the tools are messier to clean-up, for e.g the clay often gets stuck in the 'star' and big dot tool- The kids to need quite a bit of patience to complete these characters
"I ordered this for my 5 year old because he likes Play Doh, so I thought he might like playing with this.  He wasn't really interested in making the ""dots"", just formed it like usual clay or playdoh.  He used a couple of the accessories, but wasn't that interested in them either.  After one time, he hasn't asked to play with it again.  I think it might be better for older kids who have more patience to use the dots.  I also wish it came with some kind of storage box.  The pieces that come with it ended up all over the house."
"This CRAYOLA PRESTO DOTS TO THE MAX craft kit is a really cool concept.  The kit comes with six tubs of brightly colored modeling material, a ""mat"" to protect your working surface, a ""rolling pin"" to flatten out the modeling material, and 6 body forms and a fairly large selection of stamps and tools.  With these items, kids can create six monsters and wacky critters.  You will even have some modeling material left over!The idea behind CRAYOLA PRESTO DOTS TO THE MAX is this:  first, you cover one of the creature forms with a thin layer of the modeling material so that you ""dots"" will stick to the body.  Next, you roll out the modeling material flat.  Then, you select a stamp shape and use that stamp to cut and pick up small dots of material to add to the body form.  When you tap the stamp holding the dot of modeling material to the form covered in the material, the dot sticks to the form and is released from the stamp.  It actually works really well once you get the hang of it (and you can get the hang of it after a couple of attempts), and it is much simpler than it sounds.  So, then you cover the form with dots for color and definition, add faces, arms, hair, and other features using different colors of the modeling material, and voila!  In about 20 minutes you have a kooky monster that will dry hard after 24 hours.My 5 year old daughter loved CRAYOLA PRESTO DOTS TO THE MAX.  In about an hour and  she made four of the six creatures, and had a blast doing it.  Of course, she did it her own way, not following the directions above, but that certainly did not matter.  She had created 4 monsters, of which she was very proud.  It didn't matter at all that she marched to her own drummer.  I like that in a craft kit - that you can use the product your way, and express your own creativity.  And we still have more than enough modeling material left to finish the other two creature forms, and then maybe invent some of our own.There are a couple of things to note about CRAYOLA PRESTO DOTS TO THE MAX:1.  This is not play-dough.  CRAYOLA PRESTO DOTS TO THE MAX is for creating ""sculptures.""  They dry after 24 hours, and the material is not reusable.2.  The protective mat included in the kit is pretty worthless.  If you have a marble, granite, or other solid surface countertop, that probably works best.  I wouldn't use the modeling material directly on any surface that is porous or stains easily.3.  As stated on the package, the modeling material WILL stain.  Wear old clothes and keep everything else away from the modeling material.4.  There is a rolling pin included in the kit, but we just ended up squishing the material flat with our hands.  More fun that way, too.5.  Keep the lids on the containers of modeling material tightly closed.  It starts to dry out very fast, and cannot be ""revived.""Overall, the CRAYOLA PRESTO DOTS TO THE MAX kit is perfect way for a child to explore their creativity and to let their imagination run wild.  I have to admit, it won me over.  I expected a big mess and a disappointing product.  What I got was a happy, imaginative budding artist, and hours of fun with my daughter.  What else could I ask for?"
"Presto Dots to the Max is an interesting kit that my children (ages 5 and 6) were eager to play with. Overall, they enjoyed making dots and playing with the molds but it hasn't kept their interest very long term and they are generally pretty focused kids.PROS+ Different than similar products, the material dries and creates a long term ""piece""+ The dot shapes are interestingCONS- One of our colors (red) was dried out when we opened it and completely unusable.- The containers are hard to open and the clay is not as easy to use as they were anticipating.- It's not as open ended as most similar material.- It's not as reusable as similar materials.A good one day project, perhaps, if your children are patient and like to follow directions."
My daughters were very excited to get this..it comes in a large, appealing, colorful box and they love anything crafty.I think 'Model Magic' is a neat concept. Easy to use, lighter and stickier than conventional play dough, dries very nicely to preserve creations.This kit however leaves me with mixed feelings. The majority of what you're getting, for the price, is a bunch of plastic pieces. The instructions (which are crucial if you're new to 'popping dots') have you cover the plastic bodies with the white model magic, which there does not seem to be nearly enough of, and is kind of tricky to accomplish. Popping dots is satisfying to young kids, but mine would just as much enjoyed popping dots on their own creations vs. the plastic feet stands provided.T hen in the end, you're left with these dot creatures...My oldest daughter saw the animal kits and would've preferred that she said. I however liked the fact that there was really no wrong or right way to make these, it involved more creativity than just following directions (although the instructions do show pictures of possiblities to get the creative juices flowing). I can see how for her having the finished product be an animal may have been more fun, but that's her and her personality.Don't get me wrong, I liked the fact that once they got the hang of things it kept them busy and I was able to accomplish some of my own projects. I just think for the price, and the final product, well, money may be better spent just buying model magic and letting them have at it with some kitchen tools and ideas like, making ornaments or making beads etc.
"My kids have always loved Play-Doh and modeling clay, so I was pretty sure they'd enjoy this product. The ideal age range for ""modeling"" something similar to what you see on the package, I would say is 6 and up. The younger they are, the harder it may be for them to use the tools given to create the models. However, do not let that discourage you from buying this. It's a wonderful opportunity for young and old alike to improvise and unleash their creativity. Who says you need to create the same little monsters on the package? Nonsense. Use your imagination - and encourage your kids to do the same. My kids and I had a blast creating a few little beings that looked nothing like the product's suggestions. That's all that matters - the fact that we had fun and were able to spend quality time helping each other with our ideas. One idea that we didn't think of but I believe would work well - have your kids draw out their own creature on paper beforehand, then have them create it with the clay. Either way, I prefer these ideas instead of sticking to the script, as they encourage imaginative creation.The one thing to keep in mind before you get to work and let your kids run wild, is that this product can stain and be a pain to clean up. Prepare for it ahead of time. Treat it as if your kids were about to clean and carve a pumpkin, or paint a masterpiece. Lay down some newspaper - the kind that doesn't stain fingers - and also make sure you keep their type of clothing in mind. If you go into the project prepared, you have nothing to worry about as far as stains or clean-up is concerned.. unless of course your little ones run off with the clay. If that happens, you're on your own :)"
"This dough kit was good fun for both of my children.  They are almost 3 and almost 6.  The 5 year old did more with the additional stuff that came in the kit to make your own ""guy."" The additional stuff seemed to work as described, with no major frustrations. My daughter just messed around with the dough.  From a parent's perspective, this dough had much less odor than other brands and has an airier almost foamy texture, but these are good things in my opinion."
"I tested this product with my 7 and 4 year old children. They were excited by the packaging, the colors of the dough, the ""monster feet"" and the images of suggested ""monsters"" they could make. My 4 year old quickly grew tired of the dough and asked me to model his monster for him. He liked playing with the finished product but prefers creating with another popular dough. My seven year old had a friend over to play later in the day and they played with the clay off & on from 3 until 7, making all manner of animals from dragons to spotted elephants. The friend took her favorite home with her.The 7 year old liked the ""stamper"" feature and the available designs. She also liked the forms included with the kit that allowed her to use less clay to make a creature.The amount of dough in this kit is amazing, perhaps overwhelming when you're used to the smaller containers. The consistency of the dough is ""soft and slimy,"" as my 7 year old said. It's smooth and elastic (like Play Doh) yet soft, easy to ""patch"" and less difficult to clean up, like (Moon Dough). It comes with a lot of little extras, like the stampers, a rolling pin, etc.This is a comparable product to other modeling doughs on the market, with some definite advantages. The packaging in particular makes a nice gift presentation. I would definitely purchase the Crayola dough again and at the rate we've gone through it already, it won't be long. This is a great toy for TV-free creative play and one that will be appreciated by parents and kids alike.ETA: The kids didn't play with the clay & the pieces after the initial use. This is not unusual for toys of this type for them. Also the clay hardens and if the children use the modeling forms, they're not reusable/retrievable once the clay hardens."
"From the lips of my daughter, ""It was so fun! Model Magic felt like clay - really squishy and soft and easy to shape. It was awesome. I made a mad scientist that looked really funny! When it dried, it was really light and felt like foam. I liked spending time making things with my dad. Kids should play with their parents because it's fun to use your imagination.""Adult Perspective:Model Magic made for a very easy and creative art project. I would recommend it for all ages. Use it for fun, school projects, or for sensory skills. With solar systems coming up on the radar at school, Model Magic would make an ideal ""clay"" for planets. It dries nicely without crumbling and is surprisingly durable and bouncy. The colors (blue, lime green, orange, bright yellow, white and red) come in small plastic cups - approximately one cup of model magic is in each of the six cups. You can mix the colors to make up colors not included such as purple, pink and brown. The numerous tools included are perfect for small hands who aren't quite ready to take on solo projects. The (3) larger body forms keep Model Magic usage down to a minimum so you are not wasting a lot of the dough. 3 mini bases with body forms let you create some mini creatures. Combined you can make 3 baseball sized creatures and 3 egg sized creations with the Model Magic and still have some ""dough"" left over to come up with a few more designs of your own."
