Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
"My family includes some real die-hard Star Wars geeks- the sort of people who discuss the design flaws of the ATT Battle Tank or debate the effectiveness of various droid types. With four swashbuckling kids and one husband who is a first generation SW fan who saw the original films more times than he can count, I think it is safe to say that we like our SW toys. Our family has had half a dozen light sabers over the years, but none have looked or sounded as ""wicked cool"" as this! My husband nearly ripped the box out of my hand when I started to open it, and proceeded to wave the light saber through the air while posing heroically and pretending to dismember our children. This model is vastly superior to those that telescope out from the handle and often retract in the heat of make believe battle.  The sound effects are great too-there is the standard buzzing and the light saber actually makes more noise on contact with any object. Overall, it is a elegant looking piece and sure to bring a smile to any Star Wars buff."

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.0882866382598877,0.08907155692577362,0.09237539768218994,0.0866793766617775,0.09881127625703812,0.08934693783521652,0.09417777508497238,0.09158779680728912,0.08773408830165863,0.08833035081624985,0.0935988575220108
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
"When a Jedi finds them self in need of a new weapon to do battle against evil, not just any lightsaber will do. How can anyone possibly think they will successfully win a galactic fight against the Empire when the batteries on their saber go our after just 15 minutes? Thankfully, now there's an option for a quality lightsaber for those of us on a droids budget.The handle is not flashy, with only a single working button. But with just a press, the bright blue glowing light extends upward from the handle while making an ever so ominous sound of glowing power that's signals someone is ready to fight.  With every wave of the saber, sounds of the familiar electric hum can be heard. Hit something hard enough and a thrashing sound rings out signaling that a blow has been struck. Made with two layers of plastic, the top layer protects the inner layer containing the blue glowing light. So far this weapon has survived several battles against ""bad guys"" wielding broom handles, pillow fights with nosy sisters and a massive war against the Nerf Federation. Hit after hit this lightsaber keeps up with it all and hasn't come close to being damaged.After many battles, the power (running on 3 AA batteries that are included) is still going strong. With the removal of a single screw, you  have access to the battery compartment where there is easy access to replace them when needed.When turning off this lightsaber, the light retracts downward into the handle, making a whooshing sound letting everyone know that the fight it over. VERY well made and able to take (and give) hits without breaking or lights burning out, this lightsaber would be any young Jedi's pride and joy!"
The best thing about the ultimate lightsaber, by far, is how it looks. You get a pale blue glow the entire length of the blade that envokes a sense of what a 'real' lightsaber would look like. The sound chip overall is excellent. The start up and power down sounds are screen accurate and there is even a sequential light up going up the blade and start up and then down the blade at power down. Overall the sound chip is really good. You sometimes get wooshing sounds when you are not moving it, but any time I hit something on any side of the blade the 'clash' sound comes out.Now for the price you do get a plastic hilt. But the hilt is pretty accurate. And it seem like it will last a long time. One thing to keep in mind is the handle size. It is a perfect size for me, an adult, but it may be too big for most children. But the hilt is easily long enough for two hands. There are 3 power settings on the blade. Be aware that it might be shipped in the 'try me' mode for display at stores. I got mine at a box store so I figured that was the mode it was in. You have an off choice, good for not wearing down the batteries, middle one is try me, then the third one is the one you will use when playing.I first bought the electronic lightsaberStarWars Electronic Lightsaber Anakin 94180because I wanted something that 'retracted'. But here is my take on that one. First it doesn't retract all the way. There are 3 sections. The longest one closest to the hilt never retracts. Second when belted on facing down, the middle section comes out most of the time. So it is over 2/3rds not retracted anyway. And it just looks awful. They only put leds in three spots. If it is pitch black it looks slightly passable, but any other time you use it it looks like a very cheap toy. This actually looks like a light saber. Until they make a retracable one that looks as good as this one, this is your best choice. Certainly for clowing around and for me for a costume as well. Yes it does not retract but it looks great and feels so much closer to a 'real' one that I am very pleased with the purchase.
"When our eight-year-old nephew unwrapped his Star Wars Ultimate Anakin FX Lightsaber, the force was unmistakably with us when it came to our mighty birthday present-giving status.It was the hit of his party--and for good reason.  It glows brightly, it hums and it's a good weight.  Turn it on and watch it light up in graduated segments as it makes its power-on humming sound.  As you put it through its paces, the motion sensor-controlled effects comply with the appropriate, not too loud, battle sounds.Then, when it's time to power down, it makes a nice whooshing sound as the graduated glow works its way back down the ""saber.""Not sure how that plastic tube will stand up in any sort of fierce contact battle, but, so far, so good!"
"Yes, I'm well aware that there are plenty of kids who play ""Star Wars"" without ever using a store-bought light saber, unless a paper-towel roll (with sound effects from the child's mouth) counts.But if your kid is (or you are!) really into Star Wars, and your budget will allow, this lightsaber, with the blue lights and ""whooshing"" sound effects, is the one to get.This is the Anakin saber.  There is no instruction manual about how to explain to your child why s/he doesn't want to be Anakin.[...]"
"My family includes some real die-hard Star Wars geeks- the sort of people who discuss the design flaws of the ATT Battle Tank or debate the effectiveness of various droid types. With four swashbuckling kids and one husband who is a first generation SW fan who saw the original films more times than he can count, I think it is safe to say that we like our SW toys. Our family has had half a dozen light sabers over the years, but none have looked or sounded as ""wicked cool"" as this! My husband nearly ripped the box out of my hand when I started to open it, and proceeded to wave the light saber through the air while posing heroically and pretending to dismember our children. This model is vastly superior to those that telescope out from the handle and often retract in the heat of make believe battle.  The sound effects are great too-there is the standard buzzing and the light saber actually makes more noise on contact with any object. Overall, it is a elegant looking piece and sure to bring a smile to any Star Wars buff."
"This Star Wars Anakin FX Lightsaber is really  ""Ultimate"" It packs a while lot of lightsaber into this 36"" (not life sized), plastic but sturdy saber. It has cool multi LED lighting for sliding up and down effect and very realistic motion sensor controlled sound effects. Between the lights and sound effects my kids love this lightsaber as do the neighbors and adults. It weights alittle over a pound, so it does not feel heavy in your hand. The blade cannot be unscrewed, one downside to this item. The next model up is the Force FX. For kids and play this plastic model is a great way to go."
"This is a pretty cool thing!  The light mechanism is nice and bright and has a fairly ""realistic"" gradual light-up pattern.  It has a motion sensor in it so it crackles and sparks when you hit it against something.  The motion sensor that controls the ""swooping"" motion/sound doesn't always respond but it would be fine for kids who aren't looking for perfection.It feels solidly built and is nicely weighted.  I let my (nearly) 3 year old play with it for a while and it survived the throwing/being held by the wrong end/banging treatment perfectly.  I also discovered the automatic shutoff feature when he left it on the floor for a few minutes.Overall, I like this a lot.  Its one piece, which is always a bonus for those of us that clean up after playtime and it seems sturdily built."
This lightsabre is the perfect thing for the Star Wars fan at your house. It has such realistic sounds, you're sure you've got the real thing! Only you need 2 of these lightsabres, because you can't have a lightsabre duel by yourself! FUN for the whole family. Recommended highly.
Compared to the more expensive versions that are nearly 2x-3x the price, there is a lot we lose here:+ Cheap and ugly plastic hilt (the handle base) instead of metal+ Lower volume (maybe so parents don't go nuts)+ Weird, alternating dark-light pattern for saber instead of smooth solid light+ Non-detachable saber+ No belt clipThese are complaints that many children won't care about.  And that's good because this saber is designed for children so the price point is more reasonable for that audience. The blade is also shorter which is good for children too. The sound effects are high quality (but a bit low in volume). When the saber strikes an item hard enough, it reacts with a clashing, cool sound. Waving swoosh sounds can also be generated, but one has to swing fast and the saber isn't consistent here. Also, it looks like the batteries can't come out unless you use a screw driver -- maybe another kid-safe feature so kids don't lose the battery cover. Thankfully the item comes with batteries already installed.Certainly children will enjoy they toy, especially hitting things with it. If your kid is a hard core Star Wars fan who pays attention to detail, get the better, more expensive sabers. Otherwise this saber will do just fine.
I was rather disappointed with this product. It does look nice when you take it out of the box. However, I don't think it's sturdy enough to play with and not nice enough to keep as a collectible. It looks good, and would work ok with a costume, but it's pretty expensive to use just as an accessory. It takes quite a hard wack to get it to make the fighting sound, but I'm pretty sure one too many wacks and it's just going to fall right apart. It's not nearly as sturdy of plastic as the cheaper priced one we purchased at a discount store. The light ups portion is nice and it's good that it's not too loud.
First off, I wasn't able to find any instructions when taking it out of the box. But hey, it's only a light saber, right? :-) It's about 3 feet long by three inches or so at the base. Low-down on the handle is a switch that has off, demo, and on settings. It arrives in demo mode, so be sure to switch it to on. When you depress a long-ish button on the handle, the light saber powers up from bottom to top with a blue light, with that light-saberish sound we all know and love. When you swing it, it makes a growling, swoohing sound, also true to the movies. When you hit something, the light flickers and makes the proper clashing sound. Depress the longish button again to power the light saber down. While you can hear the sounds, they aren't too loud and shouldn't annoy your significant other or any older sisters. And it comes pre-loaded with 3 AA batteries.The toy is made of a sturdy plastic and feels fairly solid for what it is. While I've srongly encouraged my son to be careful with the light saber, part of the special effects (the flickering and the clashing sound) require that you lightly bop it against something. I suspect that many parents may end up buying two. When my son and I play-dueled, me with an older, simple plastic light saber and he with this new one, he of course greatly prefers the new one, and any and all of his friends will, too.While as I've noted above, it feels sturdy, only time will tell if it will continue to work properly after a lot of duels. And while I've carefully explained to my boy the importance of not hitting anything (or anyone) hard with the toy, I imagine it will be occasionally used to thwack things and his little brother when no adults are close by. I'll update this review if the durability seems less than it should be.Overall, this is a fun toy for the Star Wars fans in the house.
