Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
OK, this thing is awesome.  Its rare when a toy lives up to what's claimed it's supposed to do, but this this does, wonderfully.  Given to my 5 year old, we sat down together and started building whatever came to mind...and ended up with a weird, lopsided structure that, when draped with a lightweight blanket, transformed into a fort!  Now he wants to keep building and building with them.We also built the recommended items like the big ball - and again, it was fun and we ended up with a fort-sturdy structure.  My 5 year old is now building his own creations from his imagination, which is great.  Once he realized (ok, I told him) that Triangles were a lot stronger than Squares in building, he hasn't had any problems creating something fun and usable.  Not sure why a couple other reviewers think you need any knowledge of how to build anything - my 5-year old is either super advanced, or...As far as the toy itself - after building the big ball, the entire thing DOES bounce.  The connectors (little rubber balls that bounce by themselves) hold the poles (similar to tent poles, but shorter and plastic) very well, everything bends and doesn't break, and it doesn't just fall apart by using it.  It's incredibly easy to build and take them apart (push and pull), but we haven't had any problems in the poles popping out of the connectors at all - something I figured would be a problem.I plan on purchasing another set of these just to build bigger and bigger forts - maybe a few more sets so we can have a fort with multiple rooms.  Yeah, these are fun.Highly recommended, especially for boys who almost universally love building!

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.04350632429122925,0.04246002435684204,0.04359566792845726,0.044946469366550446,0.04337948560714722,0.042709626257419586,0.04346092790365219,0.04302199184894562,0.044421207159757614,0.043746352195739746,0.044163282960653305,0.04354488104581833,0.0429178848862648,0.04305724427103996,0.043475739657878876,0.043427515774965286,0.04350839927792549,0.04338618740439415,0.04260960966348648,0.04389505460858345,0.04365454986691475,0.04370637238025665,0.043405208736658096
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
When this toy arrived, my kids wanted to immediately open it up.  Of course, me being the mom, I wanted to figure it out first.  So, we started building together.  The poles are surprisingly durable and flexible.  I was also surprised at how easily the poles popped into the plastic balls.  A light sheet can be held up by the poles.  The one downside to this set is that if you have more than one child, you really need at least two sets of these poles and the plastic balls to make a big enough structure for them to play with.  My kids built a tent that they can crawl inside, but it would be a lot more fun for them if it was twice the size.For kids that love to build, this is a fun toy to build with that's a lot bigger than legos or K'NEX!
"""OGO BILD POD"" is a 42-piece construction set from OgoSport. Reminiscent of Tinker-toys, this set includes 12 rubber balls (each having 12 openings), and 32 flexible plastic ""struts"" featuring end knobs which fit easily into the openings. The basic building unit is a triangle, which, when connected to other triangles, form a dome (and eventually a pyramid and polyhedron).The top lid of the box shows a structure they call the ""Giant Geo Ball"" being rolled outside, as well as a child sitting under a partial ball with a sheet and the words, ""Play Forts!"". A printed diagram is included as part of the inside cardboard box dividers showing how to build four increasingly larger structures: ""Spinning Top"", ""Mega Mountain"", ""Giant Geo Ball"", and ""Rockin' Rocket"". The first three can be built with this size set (42 pieces), but the last and largest/most dramatic, would require a second set.Pros:---The ball connectors are soft plastic and the struts are flexible. Both seem quite durable.---The strut ends fit in and out of the ball openings easily.Cons:---When building a structure, which opening to use is not immediately obvious. Previous reviewers mentioned excessive flexibility until the structure is completed. Sometimes trying another ball opening helps this.---The ""fort"" (or ""pod"") that is able to be constructed from this set is quite small. There would be more space under a sheet with two chairs.  I really feel you need two or even three sets.---The box opening/closing is not easy for a child to manage for storage. The struts are 24"" long; one idea would be a pillowcase with a rubber band or strip of velcro. If the box is discarded, cut out and save the instructions that are printed on the inside cardboard.All in all, the picture on the box does not match the level of fun that can be had with only one set."
My five year old and nine year old were excited to open this box and start building.  Quickly they both became frustrated with the pieces.  My son (the nine year old) who can put together any Lego set in a snap, was even frustrated that they did not snap together and hold that way.  When he finally got it to snap the way he wanted it to, there were not enough pieces to make a shelter big enough for a small child to sit in.  There are enough to make a shelter for a few dolls to go in.  My kids played with this once and I encouraged them to try it again but they were not impressed and either was I.  I do not think it is worth the 30 plus dollars it sells for.  The plastic tinker toys work even better is almost the same manner.
OK, this thing is awesome.  Its rare when a toy lives up to what's claimed it's supposed to do, but this this does, wonderfully.  Given to my 5 year old, we sat down together and started building whatever came to mind...and ended up with a weird, lopsided structure that, when draped with a lightweight blanket, transformed into a fort!  Now he wants to keep building and building with them.We also built the recommended items like the big ball - and again, it was fun and we ended up with a fort-sturdy structure.  My 5 year old is now building his own creations from his imagination, which is great.  Once he realized (ok, I told him) that Triangles were a lot stronger than Squares in building, he hasn't had any problems creating something fun and usable.  Not sure why a couple other reviewers think you need any knowledge of how to build anything - my 5-year old is either super advanced, or...As far as the toy itself - after building the big ball, the entire thing DOES bounce.  The connectors (little rubber balls that bounce by themselves) hold the poles (similar to tent poles, but shorter and plastic) very well, everything bends and doesn't break, and it doesn't just fall apart by using it.  It's incredibly easy to build and take them apart (push and pull), but we haven't had any problems in the poles popping out of the connectors at all - something I figured would be a problem.I plan on purchasing another set of these just to build bigger and bigger forts - maybe a few more sets so we can have a fort with multiple rooms.  Yeah, these are fun.Highly recommended, especially for boys who almost universally love building!
This product is quite fun. It takes a while to get used to making shapes that will stay self-supported. The pieces are sturdy and quite easy to put together. The younger children will need help--at least at first. As soon as we started, we realized we would really like to have another set to go with this one.Simple fun. Family fun. Creative and scientific.
This set comes with 12 socketed rubber balls and 30 flexible plastic tubes (each a little over 25 inches long).  The tubes easily connect to (and disconnect from) the socketed rubber balls to create various objects.  There should not be a problem with the tubes popping out of the sockets.  The instructions in the box show how to make several geometric shapes, as well as the more complex Spinning Top, Mega Mountain, and Giant Geo Ball structures.  There are also plans to make the Rockin' Rocket, but you will need to buy more parts.The pieces of the set seem fairly durable.  I am not sure how far you can bend the tubes before they break.  I am sure my kids will test them.  You can build forts of different shapes and sizes, and, as others have said, it is sturdy enough to hold a sheet, though not a heavier blanket.  With the flexible tubes they end up looking like something out of a Dr. Seuss book.  My 5 year old and 2 year old should get a lot of use out of this.  I really like the ease of putting this set together and taking it apart so that it does not clutter up the house.
This is a lot of fun.Think extra large Tinker Toy, or an oversized chemistry molecule kit. You could even probably make some molecular models if you wanted.It is very easy to attach the pieces together. The tubes attach to the connector spheres easily, and although they stay securely attached, they come out easily when you want to take them apart. The system is very study. The connecting spheres are indestructible, and it would take a lot of abuse to break one of the tubes.Although it is easy to put the pieces together, it is not so easy to build the domes and balls pictured on the box. Pyramids are easier. I don't view this as a major problem. It's fun to just start putting pieces together and see where you go with it. Like the LEGO building system, the real fun is in not following the directions.Great replay value.
I can't remember all the different toys I had in my youth but I certainly remember my old set of Giant Tinker Toys - wish I had kept them.  So I was happy that my kids (age 9 and 5) were able to have a similar type experience with OgoBild.  What was the main thing I built with my old set...FORTS OF COURSE.  Glad to see that hasn't changed all these decades later...FORTS, FORTS, FORTS.The great thing about it is that even with all the amazing electronics that kids have today like the latest and greatest 3D Whiz-Box...give them some old school giant tinker toy type set and they will choose FORT BUILDING every time.  And this is great because a little exercise, imagination, and elbow grease never hurt anybody (OMG now I sound like my Grandpa).So the concept is a winner and my kids have fun with this set.  In terms of durability I can't tell yet - the tubes seem sturdy enough but the connectors are made of rubber and look like they could break at some point (particularly since my kids leave their toys outside all the time no matter how many times I remind them) - I will update my review if anything notable breaks.  In terms of set size, there is not enough pieces to build bigger super cool stuff...but still seems reasonable since allows flexibility to buy just one kit and then add more kits if your kids like them.  Price-wise I think this is actually a pretty good deal at $40 for the set - there is another brand called Toobeez that seem to be pricier which is probably due to the fact that Toobeez have thicker tubes (closer to old Giant Tinker Toys) but I've found the thinner OgoBild tubes work just fine as well and also probably allow the lower price point.So overall I give this product 5-stars just based on providing good healthy physical play for kids just like we used to do in the old days.  I would rather spend $40 on this any day then on the latest Pokemon XXVVIIIXXXI game cartridge.
"We've had A LOT of fort building/construction type toys over the years.  My kids love them and they get very imaginative with them.  This set proved to captivate more than I had anticipated.  I thought it looked fairly small and my kids are older now (7,9,11) so I wasn't sure how they'd take to it.  Well, the youngest just loved to build.  The connecting balls allow for flexibility and they seem more durable than other kits we've had in the past.  The older two went wild with the geometric shapes you can make and were very interested in the ""math"" behind the structures.  The big question with toys like this is: ""Will they use it after they've used it once?"".  The answer is: yes.  They've taken it apart and built different things a few times.  I'm not claiming it will be in their rotation once a week, but I feel it has already served its purpose and it hasn't run its course yet, so it was well worth getting!Any toy that (knowingly or unknowingly) makes them think, is a thumbs up from me - provided they USE it.  They use it and love it, so five-stars for me!"
I got this product through the Amazon Vine program for review.  This is a neat idea and makes for a fun toy, but it has some small problems.I have a 4 year old son and the whole family enjoyed putting this together.  It's fun to build structures and then throw a blanket over them to make a fort!  The cats love it too.This is a nice big size and a great idea. My son had no trouble popping the tubes in and out of the connectors.  There are a couple problems though.  Not enough connectors are included to make the structures shown; in fact there are way more tubes included than there are connectors.  If they would have included 2-3 more connectors it would have been a perfect number.The other big issue is the flexibility of the connectors.  It is nice to have a bit of give so that things don't need to line up perfectly.  The problem with these connectors is that they are very floppy; so they don't support the structure very well.  It took multiple people to hold the structure up while my son snapped the connectors together; once everything is perfectly balanced it will stand up fine, but until that point it is a struggle because the connectors don't provide support.Good:- Nice big size- Easy to pop the connectors in and out- Teaches creativity and geometry- Joints allow for a little bit of give, so you don't have to have things lined up exactlyImprovements Needed:- Not enough connectors (joints) included to make structures shown or even to use the tubes included- The connectors are made out of rubber and very floppy; this makes it hard to keep the structure stable unless everything is perfectly balance.  Also makes it hard for one person to put structures together.Overall this is a fun toy, especially with the winter coming up.  It is great fun to build forts with.  If 2-3 more connectors were included in a box and the connectors were a bit more rigid this would be a perfect product.
This is kind of like a huge Tinker Toy set with just rods and connectors. The rods are made of flexible but firm rubber sticks with knobs on each end. The connectors are squishy but firm balls with a multitude of openings.The rods go in the connectors easily (my 7 year-old has no trouble) and stay in place even with some knocking around. There are enough rods and connectors to make a large sphere or a bunch of other odd shapes, pyramids, etc.This takes some imagination because other than making the shape, it is up to your child to decide what to do after creating the space inside. Should they drape it with a sheet and make a tent? Should they try to climb through the different openings? Can they kick it like an over sized soccer ball? It stays together with quite a bit of moving around but pops apart with a good pull of the rod.I would suggest keeping the box since it has design ideas printed inside and is a great way to store the pieces when you are done playing.
This is one of those toys that you wish you didn't have in the house but the kids enjoy it. Once built, it became a hideout with a blanket covering it, a ball to roll around the house. After the ball is connected together it's fun to find out different ways to play with it.  But when play is done and it's time to take it apart it's the storage of the poles and the little connectors that become frustrating to keep together. We played with it once, and now it's a dust collector until one of the kids remember about it.
"The kids enjoyed this set and the challenge of putting together the basic examples of shapes and structures included with the box.  The most exciting example is that of a rocket that requires 42 pod tubes and 16 ogobild balls.  However, there are 30 pod tubes and 12 ogobild balls included in the box so you do the math.  This was a great marketing concept that cost very little to execute but one that may not be so great for your pocketbook.  The rods and balls seem durable and flexible and I am behind any product that encourages kids to be active and creative so I love the overall concept.  Therefore, I will probably purchase an additional set to have enough pieces to make really ""cool"" structures since we already have this set in our possession."
"I gave this to our children (ages 3 and 4), who might be a little too young by the manufacturer's standards, but they love it!This is constructivist learning for young minds in its most literal sense.  Piaget, Dewey, and Jane Nolan would be so proud of my parenting acumen.In the first fie minutes those little minds and fingers were figuring out how to connect a stick to a ball; in the next five, how to interconnect pieces.  Now, for days ... they've been figuring out how to build things higher and stronger.  They have been playing with it very well -- together.  Also, they are proud of the (varied and weird) giant creations they make and always want to show me how they did it.This is a fun toy for playing with your children.  Usually, after they make something and show us.  They want us to help them take it apart to make something new.They have requested ""More"" and I'm ordering another set, because this is definitely the type of toy where ""One is great, two will be amazing."""
This is one of those reviews that really comes down to the fact that it just depends on what your kids like to do.  We love this company.  They make clever toys for kids that are a little different than the standard Hasbro Mattel lines.  We were first introduced to the Ogo brand at FAO Schwartz when visiting NYC.  We were able to demonstrate, and eventually purchase many of their products.  I do like the general durability of their toys.  These were a little more flimsy than I expected but still well made.  However, I compare these to a set of giant magnet balls and sticks that my kids play with and create random things all the time.  Think of them like large tinker toys, but with less flexibility as to what you can build.  I actually like these better, although I wish you could purchase sticks of different sizes.  My kids make holding cages for their imaginext, random shapes, and fort type structures. However they are not sturdy enough to build and hold a fort with blankets.  If you are looking to do that, buy those little tents and tunnels instead.Having written all those praises I would still say that these are not made to be played with every day.  This is one of those things that you pull out on a rainy day, a few times a year.  However, when purchasing, consider that they are large, and if you don't have the space to store rainy day toys, then skip this.  If you do, buy an additional set.  This only comes with 30 poles and 12 connectors.  If you choose not to buy this product however, don't skip this brand all together.  If I were recommending a toy from them, it would be the disks [...]These are super fun, and for our family, we play them in the house...perfect for a rainy day! And my note to the company, make a family size package that comes with different sizes of sticks, and maybe different types of connectors.
These are really giant tinker toys with an added bonus at least as marketed, that you can climb inside of your creations! They're marketed as being able to be thrown as a ball, kicked, etc. They don't stay connected well enough for that type of play. The connection balls are too spongy and they really don't hold a shade to support itself. The connection balls aren't cut at the correct angles to build 90 degree connections to the other pieces, further lending to the instability.
The image shows kids building a fort/tent with this. Who doesn't love that. But when you build a structure, it's nowhere near sturdy enough to hold a blanket, let alone large enough for a child to climb into. Maybe if you had 3 or 4 sets, and an engineering degree, you could come up with something.The quality does seem decent, but I'm really not seeing how this is educational, let alone entertaining. My kids will play with it for a bit, then move quickly onto something else.
The OgoSport OgoBild POD is tons of fun.  Children (and adults) can use the building tubes and colorful rubber balls with sockets to build just about anything.  Giant balls, cubes, tunnels, forts...you name it.  The materials are super sturdy and durable so that these creations can be thrown and bounced without falling apart.  The OgoSport OgoBild POD adds up to many hours of creative fun.
"Christian-James-who-will-be-6-on-Ground-hog's-day summed it up very nicely, I think. ""It's like my Tinker Toys. but cooler 'cause you can get in it!""Now, as one who grew up with Tinker Toys, I yield to no one in my admiration for that classic building set.But... well, yeah... this IS cooler!'Cause you CAN get in it.Well, if you're the one actually doing the purchasing, the odds are YOU Can't.Indeed, you have to be kinda small.OR, you can do what we did, which is build the pod around CJWWB6OGHD!And you can always just use it as a sorta giant open air ball.AND you can... Oh, heck, there are so many things a creative kid and an adult who can follow instructions (the CHILD's) can do.Sure, there aren't nearly as many pieces as a good Tinker Toy set.And, sure, there are considerably fewer, if bigger, things you can build.And, sure, the things you can build aren't nearly as fanciful as those you can create with a Tinker Toy set.Hence, the 4 (and not 5) star rating.But... Boy, is it fun!"
This is a great toy, tat gets the kids' creative juices flowing!  You can make a ball, a fort, a pyramid, or whatever else you can dream up.  We especially had fun building a fort and then throwing a sheet over it.My 3 year old son is a bit young to be able to connect the pieces on his own and design the complete shape, but he likes to help and can easily enough push the rod into the connector.  It is intuitive enough that he can interconnect several pieces and start to form the basics of a structure.  He's built squares and triangles on his own, and his favorite thing to do is make letters of the alphabet with the poles (he's on a letter kick right currently).As others have mentioned, two sets would make this even more fun, but I found that the single set had a generous amount of parts.  The resulting structures are big enough to get in and crawl around in.  The set is well made, and the poles feel very sturdy, but remain flexible.We've told several friends about this set, because it is really a great combination of creative fun, construction, and educational value.
"The Ogo Bild POD is oodles of fun! One of the best features about it is the size it all can go down to. The box the set comes in is about 26 1/4"" wide by 8 1/2"" high by 2 1/4"" deep--small enough to stash away in a closet. There's even a built-in plastic handle for toting the building set. However, I do wish the box were a bit more heavy-duty, or perhaps even fabric.Visual instructions (which don't clearly illustrate which holes in the balls to use) are included for making the structures of a spinning top, mega mountain, and giant geo ball. Adults may need to help children with the assembly. The best shapes, in my opinion, are the giant ""ball"" and tent. The giant geo ball takes every last one of the pieces in the set to build. The tent shape pictured prominently has no instructions included, but you can make it by making the giant geo ball and leaving off the bottom pentagonal pyramid, and substitute five rods as support bars flat across the bottom. At about three feet high at its peak, adults can fit inside the tent structure as well, though it's a bit tight to fit in the ""door"" (one triangle section). A twin sheet is not quite large enough to cover the tent, but it covers most of it. When finished with the tent, there will be five rods/tubes and one ball left over.The flexibility of the pieces is nice in some ways, but can be a bit annoying in others. Though the flexibility makes the toy seem safer/softer, it also gives a feeling of it being ""flimsy,"" even though it isn't necessarily. If you try to pick up the shapes, the structures may go out of shape or become floppy looking. For example, you can't just plop the tent shape on the ground and have the bottom be perfectly aligned. It can be lopsided if not placed just so, and you may have to adjust it for it to sit on the ground properly. Portions may even invert on themselves if pushed on with force. The other issue is that children may need to be instructed that the toys may look solid, but cannot be climbed, leaned against, or sat upon. But these are just minor issues. The toy is really creative and a lot of fun. It's amazing to be able to build something so big that is still lightweight and easy to pick up.One last tip I have is to remember that these structures are big! It's best to build a structure in the room (or outside) where you want to keep it! The finished shapes are a bit tough to get through standard doorways.Have fun ""bilding!"""
This is absolutely a great toy!  It's the kid of toy that will be played with for a very, very long time, as it has endless possibilities.  The idea and parts are simple but inspired---bouncy balls with sockets in them, and plastic sticks that can go in the sockets.  Each ball has many sockets, so the ways that the balls and sticks can be combined is pretty much endless.  The sticks are long enough and there are enough of them that you can actually make forts and playhouses---just cover them with a sheet or silk and they will be a little structure!  Within a minute of opening the toy, I made a pyramid.  Better still, my daughter , who is 7 and autistic, and somewhat hard to engage in toys, figured out the socket system and popped a ball on and off a stick for a long time.  She seemed to love the flexibility of the balls---they feel good to touch.  And the cat already discovered my pyramid covered with a blanket, and has a new hideout!  The balls are different colors, for added fun.  I gave this 4 stars for durability only because the sticks are quite bendy, and my daughter bent one a bit already, although it's still usable.  The ages for the toy are 6 and up, and she plays like a younger child, so I would not let that worry prospective buyers!  The pieces all store well in the durable cardboard box they came in, and there were ideas packed with the toy also.  Just so neat!  I really love this!
"Last night I had to run an errand with my 11 year old and told my husband to open up this box for the 4 year old and 6 year old to play around with.When I talked to them about it after wards I hear things like "" fun hamster ball""  Geo ball.My 11 year old walked in the house to see it in ball form and just walked up to it and climbed right in saying COOL!I believe this is very durable for the concept and pieces!The connecting balls are a think silicone like material that are VERY flexible.The ""rods"" are also fairly flexible but still sturdy to hold their shape.  I would NOT snap them in half but they have a lot of ""give"" to bending.I like how the connector ends to the rods are actually ""balls"" that pop firmly into the holes of the silicone balls for building.You can bounce this a little, it has a ""flexible"" shape when together.  you can even ""pop"" sides in to invert sides of what you built.I can not wait to see all the geometric shapes and ideas we can put together.It also held up lightweight blankets no problem :)."
