Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
This is as great stand-alone toy, or the perfect complement to the Rescue Optimus Prime Fire Station. In our house, this toy came first, and then was followed up by at least 100 requests for the Fire Station. So be aware that if you get just this - you might ned up being nagged to death to get the rest of the set as well... Or maybe that's just us.The target audience here was our 5-year old, and he had no problem playing with the transformer, turning it from a robot to a truck endlessly back and forth.The only negative with this toy was when it was converted from a robot to a truck, the head still had a tendency to stay popped up. We could usually get it back down, but it did become a minor point of frustration with the 5-yr-old. Not that I would call it a huge complaint, but it was a little frustrating. It might have just been the toy that we got.Overall - nice toy at a reasonable price. It just lead to many other toy purchases in this genre of toys for our family.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.04851318523287773,0.04767947271466255,0.047587376087903976,0.046733736991882324,0.04979083314538002,0.04982876405119896,0.05109758302569389,0.04512627050280571,0.04840929061174393,0.04480605199933052,0.04730444401502609,0.04750993847846985,0.04710981622338295,0.04600869119167328,0.04460906237363815,0.048020292073488235,0.045680928975343704,0.04708933085203171,0.04744493216276169,0.051130954176187515,0.048519033938646317
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
"So the suggested age for this toy is 3+?  Nonsense!  Don't forgo buying this thinking it will be too ""old"" for a much younger kid.  There are no small pieces that you have to worry about being swallowed, and it's tough as nails.  Very simple, very cool, basic toy.I have three kids, 2 girls (4 and 6) and one 11 month old boy. I got this with the intention of giving the boy something other than My Little Pony and Disney Fairy dolls to play with since he already prefers toys with wheels (and my girls NEVER showed an interest in vehicles, so we have only a few)He rolls it back and forth when it's in truck mode and makes VRRROOM sounds, but I will admit he doesn't much care for it in the robot form....YET!  :)I was surprised to go into the 4 yo's room one day to find her playing with it!  She had taken it from the nursery (of course this could also have been out of jealousy...who knows) and was integrating it into her dollhouse/doll family fantasy play.PROS:- Relatively cheap for a branded, blockbuster movie based toy- RUGGED.  Unlike the ""real"" Transformers that I grew up with, you don't have to worry about any little parts or pieces breaking off or getting stuck.  As I said, it's tough enough for a baby that likes to throw things down stairs.- COOL.  It's a Transformer.  Need I say more?CONS:- Ummmm....??  Oh, I know...the design is such that there is a certain order required to change the toy from robot to truck (or vice versa, can't remember, maybe both), and my wife couldn't figure it out!  Not surprisingly, both girls immediately grabbed it from her and showed her how to do it.  So based on that little anecdote, you could say this is the perfect toy:  too complicated for most adults, PERFECT for kids!  :)Highly recommended in this day and age of cheaply made, flimsy plastic junk toys."
"I got this for my 3 y.o. grandson as we watch him 4 afternoons a week and I couldn't get it out of package fast enough for him--it was a hit! He was able to do just what it was made to do. It's rated 3 - 6 y.o. he was able to do the conversion without help even though as grandparents we probably hover a little too much. It's one toy that makes it into the backpack each day to play with at ""Pa's"" What a wonderful toy so now we'll have to get a few more."
Fun, brightly colored toy that easily changes from robot to truck back to robot again.  Decent disguise; when it's a truck, no one would ever suspect it was a robot if they didn't already know.  The toy seems fairly durable.  Would recommend it for any young Transformers fan.
"My son got this toy this evening, so at his bedtime I asked for his opinion.  What else is there to say, his eyes literally glowed when he was talking about whether he liked playing with it.  Best review any toy can get in my humbe opinion.For a breakdown of the ""adult"" pros and cons of this toy, here they are as I see them.Pros:- Seems quite durable and very age appropriate in that regard.  My son is pretty hard on his stuff (to my dismay) and this Prime seems up to the task.- Simple transformation.  Again, a feature that is age appropriate.- He looks like Optimus Prime.  Sure it is stylized but it is still very recognizable as Optimus Prime.  This might seem like a weird pro, but in our house, Transformers are big, and it helps to have a toy that is identifiable as one of those iconic characters.Cons:- Instructions say it is one step to transform.  Well that's actually two steps to go from truck to robot and a four to go the other direction.  Honestly this is more a truth in advertising issue as it doesn't really detract from the toy.Debatable:- Price, $13 for a simple childs toy.  You make the call.Summary:My 3 year old son absolutely loves it.  It is actually more age appropriate than I thought it would be as he has some of the ""real"" transformers.  Those don't get the attention that thought they would - at the moment of writing this he is having trouble putting this toy down so he can fall asleep.I realize that the draw of an Optimus Prime toy is dependent partly on whether the child has had exposure to the Transformers franchise, mine has (the old 80s cartoon) and he loves this toy.  It is a recommended toy on its own and much more so if your child has that same exposure to Transformers.Autobots, roll out."
Not much to say here except it it is a piece of plastic in the shape of Optimus Prime.  I can quickly transform into a truck.  Big and clunky parts, so that is good for a 3+ year old as the toy is designed for.  My five year old was not very impressed.  Quickly tossed aside.
"My kids, like me when I was a kid, are not Transformers fans. I bought them a couple giant Transformer toys from TRU in the past but they rarely played with them. This time, things were a little different, as my kids loved the colors blue and red, so they had some interest in playing with this Transformer rescue bot.After removing the difficult packaging, the kids had fun transforming the bot for about half an hour. But I think they are too young to appreciate the ingenuity behind the Transformer toys, so after half an hour they got tired and went back to their Thomas and Friends and Cars 2 toys. They haven't touched this since, except this past weekend when a neighbor's kid came over to play and my kids showed it to him. One thing I don't like is the whole thing does not feel very sturdy, and the ""joints"" feel they'll break anytime.  I'm going to repack this and keep it in the toy box until when my kids will probably appreciate the mechanism more."
This guy is easy to transform. I can remember the ones that were metal and took a lot of moving around to get the figure. This one is simple. Makes a truck and Rescue Bot Optimus Prime.  I teach 4 year olds and they loved it. Easy to do over and over again.  Perfect birthday gift for one child to give another. The class has only had it a few days and so far it has held up well.
"The Optimus Prime Transformers Rescue Bot is a very basic but still very fun Transformer toy for younger kids. I remember my old Optimus Prime toy that I had when I was a kid, but the old toy wan mostly die cast metal with some plastic. That made the old toy durable but it also made it dangerous if you played rough.The new Optimus Prime Rescue Bot is mostly made of thick plastic with no obvious chocking hazards for smaller kids. My 5-year-old daughter and my 2-year-old son enjoy playing with this Transformer. My only real complaint about this toy is that the head doesn't always stay in the ""closed"" position when you transform the robot into a truck ... so sometimes you end up with a truck that has a robot head sticking out of the top rather than a truck that transforms into a robot and back into a truck.That sort of defeats the whole, ""robots in disguise"" idea if the robot's head is still sticking up when it's supposed to be a truck. ;)Other than that, this is a fine toy for a small child who want to play Transformers."
"My four-year-old son loves Transformers, and up until this toy, we've bought him the ""easy"" transformers -- but easy they are not. They are really hard to figure out how to transform and they fall apart. We've learned to deal with transforming the toys for our son, but all the pieces that have come off easily and been lost -- it's just a nightmare.When I saw this toy, I jumped at the chance to get it for my son. It is super durable and easy to transform. My son figured out how to get Optimus Prime to transform into a truck before I could (I really thought it was broken, but it turns out I'm just broken (or not four)) and he was so proud of himself -- it was a joy to see. I can't see this toy breaking any time soon; it's very sturdy and just big enough (not too small, not to big -- just right).I knew it was a winner when my son asked me if I saw other Transformer where I got this one. I'm putting that thought on the back burner for Santa present. I'm very glad someone finally made a Transformer toy that will last a long time. Don't let the age range worry you - this toy is really perfect for a 3-6. I wish these were being sold a year ago when my son first became enamored with Transformers!Excellent toy and wonderful for a little boy's (or girl's) imagination."
"If your youngster is like mine, he probably really loves Transformers but isn't quite ready to tackle the ""big boy"" Transformer toys.  This Transformers Rescue Bot Optimus Prime toy (part of the Playskool Heroes collection) is built specifically for youngsters who fall into this category.  It is built for toddler play and is easy to transform.The box claims that only one step is needed to transform Optimus from truck to Autobot and back again, but there are actually two steps.  When in vehicle mode, children simply turn up the cab of the truck and Optimus' arms pop out, his head pops up, and his legs open to allow him to stand.  The second step involves folding Prime's feet down so that he stands on his own.  To transform him back, simply fold up everything and push down his head.  That's it.While Optimus is pretty fun to play with on his own, he is also compatible with the rest of Playskool's Heroes toys as well as Fisher-Price's Imaginext line.  My son prefers the Imaginext toys, but Prime has spent all evening battling the Imaginext Joker and Mr. Freeze with the assistance of Batman, Robin, and the Batcave.Highly recommended for youngsters and the parents that love to play with them."
My daughter is 2 and loves this toy. It's very simple to transform from a robot into a truck. Older kids may find it too easy to transform, but it's great for little ones. It's also pretty durable, too. It's survived being thrown across the room and whacks to the floor, and so far nothing is broken.
This is a great introduction to the Transformers franchise for a 3 or 4 year old.  My 3yr old can do the full transformation from robot to truck and back again and enjoys playing with the toy in both configurations.  My 15month old can't quite get the transformation down but enjoys both the robot and truck forms.  Most importantly the toy has survived both of them!  It's durable and about the right complexity.  Good toy!
I'm not sure what it is about transformers, but I've never seen a little boy who didn't like them. I first bought them for my son, who is now in his thirties.  However, some of the other versions are much more complicated than this inexpensive toy.  It appears sturdy and my grandson transforms it A LOT.  He just turned 4, and it is easy for him to maneuver, and his uses his imagination with it as he uses it to play with his other toys.  He enjoys it mostly in its robot form and carries it around all of the time.  I plan on buying more of these for my grandsons.
"My 8 year old loves Transformers...as does his 6 year old brother and just turned 4 year old sister.  Unfortunately, the traditional Transformers are just too hard to transform.  I did not know that this transformer is made by PLAYSKOOL/Hasbro--but that explains why it is so well thought out.  Both my 4 year old and 6 year old can easily transform Optimus Prime--and even the 8 year old thinks it's cool.  It seems quite durable--made for little hands.  I sure hope PLAYSKOOL comes out with more Transformers.  We'll definitely buy some.  (And my daughter would like to request ""girl"" Transformers.)"
"I sat down on the floor with my three year old niece to see if she found play value in the Optimus Prime Rescue Bots. Why niece and not nephew?  Because when I was a child my brothers' trucks and trains were given away to cousins before I could get my mitts on them. I vowed that any female child in my life would never be deprived the joy of all toys - whether designed for boys or girls.We were occupied for fifteen minutes twisting Optimus from robot to truck, and then she carried ""him"" around with her the rest of the afternoon. I think three may be the perfect age for this toy - young enough to be interested but not immediately bored once a couple simple conversions back and forth from robot to truck are accomplished. The toy is sturdy and requires no batteries."
I cringe anytime my wife buys our 4 year old another transformer.  I am not good with these types of toys but my son loves them.  When i got this one, I was happily surprised to find that it can be transformed with just a few simple twists and turns.  In fact, my 4 year old quickly tossed it aside and handed it to my 1 and a half year old who easily converted it back to a truck.The toy is very sturdy and has held up well with my little one tossing it around a bit.  I think the recommended age for this transformer is more based on the type of toy that it is rather than the difficulty level.  I would prefer my kids to play with more educational toys, however, I grew up with these types of toys so I find it hard to not let them play with them.  So this has lived mostly in the hands of my 1 and a half year old who prefers playing with it in its truck form.  My 4 year basically does not have any interest in it as he prefers the more complicated ones to transform (that I can't stand).
This toy is very durable. My great grandson is going to be 5 in January and he loves anything transformers. I gave him this and he immediately had it figured out how to change it into a truck. He was so excited and he made a few hard bangs as he was racing thru the house but the toy came out unharmed. This is a great toy for anyone who loves transformers
"My four year old is a girl, but with three boy cousins she enjoys playing with ""boy"" toys and has been asking about Transformers. This one looked right up her alley, since most of the Transformer toys tend to look complicated and have older age ranges. This one is rated for 3 -6 year old children.Easy transform Optimus goes from truck to robot in a few little clicks without any other prodding or movement. My four year old picked right up on it after I showed her. It was very durable and looks like it'll take quite a beating and keep on trucking.Definitely something to purchase for your preschooler who is into ""older"" toys. But, not recommended for older children that would enjoy a more complex Transformer."
I got this through the Vine Program for the child of a friend of mine who I knew is a huge fan of The Transformer. Any child who loves the cartoons or movies is going to love this toy. It is well designed, works well, and it a great bargain for the price.There really isn't a great deal more than that to be said: kids who love the Transformers will love this toy. It is a great size, not too small so that it feels cheap, but not so large that it will be too large for a child's hands. Other than that the only question to ask is whether or not the child for whom the toy is intended is a fan.
This is as great stand-alone toy, or the perfect complement to the Rescue Optimus Prime Fire Station. In our house, this toy came first, and then was followed up by at least 100 requests for the Fire Station. So be aware that if you get just this - you might ned up being nagged to death to get the rest of the set as well... Or maybe that's just us.The target audience here was our 5-year old, and he had no problem playing with the transformer, turning it from a robot to a truck endlessly back and forth.The only negative with this toy was when it was converted from a robot to a truck, the head still had a tendency to stay popped up. We could usually get it back down, but it did become a minor point of frustration with the 5-yr-old. Not that I would call it a huge complaint, but it was a little frustrating. It might have just been the toy that we got.Overall - nice toy at a reasonable price. It just lead to many other toy purchases in this genre of toys for our family.
This transformer lists the age appropriate for children as 3-6. I really think a 3 year old might be a bit frustrated, unless they were extremely transformer - mechanically minded. Our 8 year old finds this a bit too simple, so the 4, even 7 year old range would fit. At least this isn't the terribly complicated transformer that our family has given up on- so at least it is playable by all and has proved very durable.
