Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
My kids like this. It keeps their friends entertained for short bursts. My 1 year old daughter like chasing it around while I control it. So I like it, but it isn't perfect.The first thing you'll notice is that while the plastic isn't dollar store cheap, it isn't quite Fisher-Price quality. Then you notice that you need 5 AA batteries that aren't included. So right off, I saw visions of giving all my money to Duracell for the week and a half that it worked... I've been plesently surprised by  how long it lasts on batteries and that it survives hard floor tumbles. It also works great with rechargable batteries.When you raise the remote wand, the top firefighter spins. When you lower the remote, that the car goes in a straight direction. With my 3 kids under 5, they don't see that the truck goes in the direction that the firefighter faces. And I've had a hard time teaching them that because the firefighter spins too fast to send it in a specific direction. So don't give your kids the expectation that they'll be able to control it perfectly. We sometimes set up paper-cup pyramids for this to knock over--pretty big pyramids so they aren't frustrated with misses. Thankfully, when it runs into walls, it deflects in another direction so it doesn't get stuck against the wall.The two and four year old did have trouble with the raise wand to stop and lower wand to go. I was able to solve this by telling them to raise it up to stop and to point it at the firetruck to go.So if a younger kids wants a remote control car like his older brother but doesn't have the coordination for it yet, this would be great. It's pretty fun. It just would be much closer to perfect if it spun slower but went forward just as fast.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.040759049355983734,0.04124007001519203,0.041557252407073975,0.04073956981301308,0.042944665998220444,0.04126034304499626,0.04089750349521637,0.04122999683022499,0.04103321582078934,0.04029877483844757,0.043326497077941895,0.04084993898868561,0.04412170499563217,0.0428127646446228,0.044178836047649384,0.039008110761642456,0.04329449683427811,0.043038610368967056,0.04111026972532272,0.04216441884636879,0.040711741894483566,0.038982193917036057,0.04402519017457962,0.0404147244989872
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
This toy is a great first rc toy for a young preschooler or toddler. It took a little while for my son to get the hang of using the remote control, but since then he has really enjoyed this toy. We had purchased other remote control toys for him in the past, but they were always a little too old or advanced for him. This one is perfect!
I tried this out with eight kids ages 2 - 10 (not all of them mine ;)) and the two two-year-olds didn't quite understand how to control it.  They liked playing with the stop sign, but wanted to turn it forward and backward rather than up and down (hope I'm explaining that well).  They still sort of had fun with it, but got frustrated that they couldn't make it go where they wanted.  Some of the older kids, however, had a pretty good time trying to work this toy.  The truck stops when you put up the sign and the fireman on top spins.  When you put the sign down, the truck starts moving in the direction the fireman is facing.  Since he spins kind of fast, it can be tricky to get it to go right where you want.  The older kids seemed to enjoy that challege and the little ones were annoyed by it.
"not sure why it's rated for kids over 3 or 4. It's small and pretty simple to use. It is more difficult to ""master"". You drop the wand let it go forward, but the trick is... what is forward. The little guy spins.. not the truck, when you drop the wand the truck goes in the direction the little guy is facing. So to learn to get it to go where you want can be a challenge. I just wish it wasn't so small and cheap feeling."
This was fun for my kid when they first opened it, but they got bored of it super fast.  (Quicker than usual at least)  The remote is pretty easy to work and my kids have to trouble with it, but it doesn't do enough to make it fun long term.
Unfortunately, my boy is 2 years old and he doesn't understand the control.  My 3 and 5 year old girls do understand, but don't like firetrucks.  So a 3+ year old boy might be the perfect audience for this.  It is really cute overall.  You raise the wand to spin the guy and then lower it to have the truck go in the direction that he points.  There is some randomness to it though because the guy spins too fast to stop it when he points the right way.  So have plenty of room to let it go any way it wants.
"My almost 3 year old little boy recently received this toy, as well as another Kid Galaxy remote control toy, and then a third RC car that was a no-name brand.  All three toys suffered the same problems:1.  Battery life short.  This is a complaint I don't often make, either.2.  Remote control operations are very imperfect.  I can't tell you how many times I've heard ""why is it not working?""  I don't think it's an issue of interference from other household gadgets...these things just don't work well and give the impression of being designed very very cheaply.3.  High initial interest for the child, tailing off very very sharply.  I think each of these toys enjoyed one partial day of being my son's favorite, and after that they've been completely forgotten and ignored.I will say that watching a 2 year old boy figure out his first remote control toy was really fun for us as parents.  But would I recommend this toy or either of the other two similar ones?  No way.  There are countless better ways to spend money."
My older boy is a little over three. I've picked up a couple cheap remote-controlled toys here and there, none of them very good. There are some on Amazon that are designed to be easy to control, for young kids; but I've found them to not be very durable. There are others that have full-fledged up/down/left/right controls, but my son is too young to understand those. And then there is this toy, which took him about 10 minutes to figure out but now he gets it and likes it quite a bit.The remote control is ingenious and couldn't be simpler: If you hold it straight up and down, the fireman spins around. When you lower it to horizontal, he takes off in the direction he was pointing, and the fire truck turns to point in that direction too. So you alternate between raising and lowering it to move him around. If it gets stuck somewhere, you can press the button on the remote to stop the motor, then pick it up and move it, then re-start it again.Pros:- Easy to figure out the control.- Definitely fun for young tots.- The packaging is mostly recyclable.Cons:- Gets stuck on some carpets. Also, on carpet the truck tends to turn as one side grips better than the other side.- Noisy. Can't use it next to the baby's room if baby is sleeping.- Although the control itself is easy to figure out, the fireman spins pretty fast and it's hard to judge when to drop your arm; plus there is a bit of a time delay between dropping your arm and the fire truck registering the change. So basically the next direction he takes off in is pretty random.- Doesn't come with batteries.All in all, a good toy; your three-year-old will have some fun and the cons will only bug you, not him/her.
Once again, Amazon shipped fast and arrived on time. Cheers to that. The Kid Galaxy Fire Truck is pretty cool. My 1 year old son gave it a look and decided to throw it (yes, he is one). My daughter who is 5 enjoys it more. The fireman spins and the toy spins, so its not that much to it, so easy to figure out. Overall, definitely recommend it to keep the kid happy. Takes a few batteries though, so stock up or get your rechargeables ready.
It takes a lot of batteries, took a little while to get the hang of, and you need a lot open of space, on a hard surface, because it goes pretty fast and is hard to control the direction it goes in, so not great in small to medium size homes with carpet. But, a child does start playing with it for a little while several times throughout the day even though he doesn't know what he's doing with it. He likes that when he moves around the wand it makes the car go. It's a cool idea with the wand, but I think I would prefer buttons or knobs to press and turn. I think for about $20 there are better toys to spend your money on. He prefers his dump truck that doesn't take batteries and he can push around himself.
This truck is much smaller than I expected. The plastic is extremely flimsy and the graphics are cheesy -- the fireman's face is kind of scary, in fact. While the spinning is kind of fun, I don't expect that feature to last longer than a week -- this is not a well-made toy, and is really disappointing.
Yes, the fire truck is remote controlled, and the guy on top spins.  But that's about it.  There aren't any sounds, which could be a plus for the parent but was a disappointment to my son.  The remote control is a paddle.  Holding it straight up and the truck stops.  Hold it down and the truck moves.  Most toddlers will wave around a paddle, so it's an awkward set-up.  Seems like a gear shift-style would work better and be just as easy for a toddler to use.
I am one of those annoying parents who rarely buys my child plastic toys. Still, I thought my 2 year old would enjoy it and as it turns out, she did. This is a really durable, cute little car that does exactly what it says. It even survived a fall down the stairs, so it is pretty sturdy and should last quite awhile. On thing I did not like, though, was that it required 5 batteries. Needless to say, it's a lot and is something to consider if you decide to buy it.
This toy is great for toddlers. In today's world children are used to a lot going on in their play. This toy is simple but does entertain a child fully. The remote control helps with the hand eye coordination and toddlers love to see the cause and effect of their actions. They love to chase it or try and use the control pressing all the buttons. It is refreshing to find an non-computer related toy that is basic and fun for the kids but still makes them run around as well! This toy is great for several children at the same time as well. One can use the control and the other can chase it around. It is sure to bring many hours of enjoyment.
Both my 3 year old nephew and my 6 year old niece enjoy playing with this toy.  The remote control is in the shape of a stop/go sign that the child holds up or down to control the truck.  The fireman in the truck spins around when it is in motion, so to make it go in another direction you have to stop and start it.  There was a bit of a learning curve until they both figured that out but now they've got it down pat.They've been using it on hardwood floors and have had no problem using it on that surface.  It's taken a header down a flight of six stairs onto a tile floor and didn't seem the worse for wear; it's also rammed into furniture often and I haven't seen any damage to it (or to the furniture). I've seen it in use often when the firetruck fleet comes out to play.  I've also seen them using the stop/go sign when they play other games; my nephew was holding it up when my niece and I were throwing a ball to one another and he wanted to cross in front of us when he was using his toy lawnmower (he specifically went and got the sign to use for that purpose).Both kids usually wind up laughing as they watching the firetruck dart around in various directions, usually chasing one or another of them (or me - lol).
My kids like this. It keeps their friends entertained for short bursts. My 1 year old daughter like chasing it around while I control it. So I like it, but it isn't perfect.The first thing you'll notice is that while the plastic isn't dollar store cheap, it isn't quite Fisher-Price quality. Then you notice that you need 5 AA batteries that aren't included. So right off, I saw visions of giving all my money to Duracell for the week and a half that it worked... I've been plesently surprised by  how long it lasts on batteries and that it survives hard floor tumbles. It also works great with rechargable batteries.When you raise the remote wand, the top firefighter spins. When you lower the remote, that the car goes in a straight direction. With my 3 kids under 5, they don't see that the truck goes in the direction that the firefighter faces. And I've had a hard time teaching them that because the firefighter spins too fast to send it in a specific direction. So don't give your kids the expectation that they'll be able to control it perfectly. We sometimes set up paper-cup pyramids for this to knock over--pretty big pyramids so they aren't frustrated with misses. Thankfully, when it runs into walls, it deflects in another direction so it doesn't get stuck against the wall.The two and four year old did have trouble with the raise wand to stop and lower wand to go. I was able to solve this by telling them to raise it up to stop and to point it at the firetruck to go.So if a younger kids wants a remote control car like his older brother but doesn't have the coordination for it yet, this would be great. It's pretty fun. It just would be much closer to perfect if it spun slower but went forward just as fast.
I tested this out on my nephew because my kids were too old or too small. This was a great learning toy for him in trying out a remote. It was very easy for him to use, and in a course of minutes he figured it out. The thing crashed down the slide, flew down the stairs, and rammed the walls. Still running. So, durability is there. No small parts either.However, it doesmn't make the siren noises, which disapointed said nephew. It also takes a lot of batteries, 5 AAs. Of all the crazy things, it wouldn't work on the linoleum or hardwood, but worked fine on the carpet. Very strange. A cute toy for 12-18 months, not much older though.
My son really likes trucks, bikes, u name it so when I saw this available through the amazon vine program I had to grab it!This is a really cool toy it was not hard to figued out for my 3 year old.Its very durable and has entertained my son as well as everyone else in the house. You hold the remote in a vertical position push the little button and then the little guy on top of the truck spins the you hold the controller at a horizontal position and the truck moves in whatever direction the little guy is pointing.I have recommemded it to all people I know that have young kids. Very entertaining!
Our Spin `n go Fire Truck has been dropped, driven into walls, and fallen down stairs. It still works like it did out of the box. My two year old (3 + is the recommended age for the Fire Truck) has had a lot of fun trying to figure out how to drive the truck.  He really enjoys watching the truck drive and spin. It can be hard getting the stop and go paddle controller out of his hands.The fireman points in the direction the toy is going to go when the controller is horizontal. If you hold the remote control vertically the truck stops driving and the fireman on top spins around. The toy can be hard to control because the fireman spins quickly and it's hard to predict his position.The Spin `n Go Fire Truck is a lot of fun as long as you don't get obsessed with controlling its direction. My only complaint about the toy is the number of batteries it requires (5 AA between the remote control and the truck).
This toy, like the RC My little Pony car, is fun.  A small child can easily get the hang of it and the motion is good.  Not to worry if it bumps into things.  A fun toy for under the tree.  I only wish it were made in America.
"This toy requires 5 AA batteries, not included. This a cute, durable toy. It has already fallen down a flight of stairs and survived. However my 2-year old grandson was quickly bored with it. He enjoyed playing with it at first. It's easy to make the fire engine go forward with the remote control ""paddle"". However the engine gets stuck on rugs and doesn't run well on tile. Works fine on the carpet.  It's also easy to spin the fire engine in circles by turning the paddle. But it's hard to control the direction of the engine so it tends to bump into things and get stuck, which frustrated my grandson. All things considered it was not a big hit with him. He said, ""It doesn't do anything."" I think younger children, 12-30 months old would enjoy this toy as an introduction to remote control."
This is a very cute toy but I am not sure about how long it will last in a house full of kids and pets. Using it is easy but the number of batteries needed (5) seems like an excessive number for what it does.As with most remote toys, it works better on uncarpeted floors or at least floors with a low pile.Cute but still - a battery makers dream toy/
My 19-month old son loved this fire truck.  It's a bit advanced for him to figure out exactly how to use the remote - the little fireman on top of the truck spins when you raise the controller straight up and down (vertical)- when the fireman points his hose in the direction you want the truck to move in, you lower the controller to a horizontal position.  These steps are a little advanced for my son, but are likely to be better understood by a 2 1/2 - 3 year old. In addition, the little fireman spins too fast for even me to really control which direction he moves.  Nonetheless, my son loves turning the fire truck on and off from the remote and while he can't intentionally control where the fire truck goes, he knows that by manipulating the remote, he's moving the fire truck in some direction and seems to really enjoy this.  Overall, I think this is a great first remote control toy and will plan to buy it as a gift for 2-3-year olds.
"Though this is rated for ages ""3+"" this is actually a toy much better suited to far younger children. My four-year-old immediately dubbed it a ""baby toy"" and had little or no interest in playing with it.The good news is that the simple remote (just one huge button) could be easily used by kids as young as one (the raise/lower remote control mechanism makes precise control pretty impossible anyway), and I think they'd get a big thrill out of this racing firetruck and spinning firefighter driver. It's sturdy, easy to use and looks to be very solidly made. I just don't understand why this isn't labeled for the 12 or 18-month age group.So, my main quibble with this is it's poor marketing. I don't know any three-year-old boys, let alone any older, who would find this toy interesting. This is really a pre-preschool-age suited plaything.Oh and, as others have pointed out, this a battery behemoth, needing 5 AA batteries to work."
This is a pretty simple RC vehicle. It doesn't do a whole lot, but that's ok for the very young set, perhaps age 2 would be best.
