Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
I admit to being unprepared for this puzzle - I was expecting standard puzzle dimensions.  This puzzle is actually very long and narrow, meaning it didn't fit on the table I was attempting to put it together on.  Assembly ended up having to occur on the dining room table rather than the craft area where I normally do puzzles.The picture is beautiful and fun to look at.  It is quite difficult to put together because the shading and colors are so similar in many areas of the picture.This puzzle is made with the typical ravensburger quality, meaning that it will hold up better than your average walmart puzzle, and the pieces are individual so you cannot get them stuck in the wrong location.  I love the ravensburger puzzles and will continue to purchase more of them in the future.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.12988188862800598,0.11902262270450592,0.11040746420621872,0.13429272174835205,0.13119670748710632,0.10595233738422394,0.1578465849161148,0.11139965802431107
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
I LOVE PUZZLES and lighthouses and this puzzle covers both loves.The box has a plasticized coating.  If you are someone who puts puzzles together and takes them apart and does them again, this feature will help keep your puzzle pieces safe and will help the box to stay together for a longer period of timeThe pieces interlock perfectly so you will know the really do fit together.  They are slightly thicker than most other puzzles the color of the pieces are brilliant.If you frame finished puzzles and use them as pictures to decorate your home or give as gifts, this puzzle will add beauty and color to any wall.  I would recommend these puzzles to anyone who loves this type of activity.
This puzzle is well made (the pieces go together really well and snap in place) and is fun to put together.  You wouldn't think the water and sky would drive you nuts - but they will in this case.  Fun puzzle.
"The quality of this puzzle is the best I have ever experienced. It was nicely textured with no rough edges or rough cuts. It had no ""dust"" in the bottom of the bag. It went together smoothly. As I was assembling it there was no glare on the pieces making them much easier to look at and locate. The next time I purchase a puzzle, it will be this brand."
"My first thought upon seeing the box image for the Westerhever Lighthouse was, ""this one is going to be hard"" There is a LOT of green foliage and that tends to be my Achilles heel on these Ravensburger landscape puzzles. Turns out the green wasn't nearly as hard as I thought having a decent amount of variety in texture. The killer was the blue which is very similar in the sky and water. I found myself in a situation where I had several hundred patternless pieces of almost the exact shade of blue gray splayed on a table. I put on my reading glasses and scanned the pieces trying to allow the light to hit them at a certain angle to bring out that slight grayish tinge that distinguished a piece as water rather than sky. This is not the hardest 1000 piece Ravensburger puzzle I've ever done but it's up there as far as difficulty is concerned.The unique aspect of the puzzle for me was its dimensions which are very tall and thin. When I started I was wondering if this would make the puzzle easier and I think it might have. A thinner puzzle does seem a little easier and it's hard for me to articulate why other than there is less area across to search for a pieces placement. I know it seems like it would be offset by the increased height and maybe I'm just imagining that it's easier.I'm not sure why Ravensburger loves to offer up landscape puzzles in Vine voice. I'd love to do a nice urban puzzle because they are SO much easier. The Westerhever Lighthouse is a pretty cool puzzle and the interesting dimensions set it apart from the other Ravensburger landscapes I've done in the past. Ravensburger always does high quality puzzles and this one is no exception."
This puzzle, like all the Ravensburger puzzles I've owned, is a high quality item with a beautiful, vivid photo of a lighthouse. I expected this puzzle to be fairly easy, judging by the artwork, but it was pretty challenging, especially with 1,000 pieces. If you like a tough puzzle, this is a good one!
If you're not familiar with puzzles, then perhaps the Ravensburger name doesn't mean much to you. But take it from someone who is married to a puzzle-making machine--these puzzles are AMAZING! I've bought many over this brand over the past few years for my wife Christine and she loves both the challenge of a 1000-piece puzzle as well as the delight in seeing the finished product. She's good at putting these things together and can do so in just a few days. This particular puzzle had some curious parts about it because of the blue sky similarities as well as that unique reflective pool. You gotta have patience to do a puzzle like this (I don't, but I enjoy the happiness this brings to my wife), but the end product is stunning.
I admit to being unprepared for this puzzle - I was expecting standard puzzle dimensions.  This puzzle is actually very long and narrow, meaning it didn't fit on the table I was attempting to put it together on.  Assembly ended up having to occur on the dining room table rather than the craft area where I normally do puzzles.The picture is beautiful and fun to look at.  It is quite difficult to put together because the shading and colors are so similar in many areas of the picture.This puzzle is made with the typical ravensburger quality, meaning that it will hold up better than your average walmart puzzle, and the pieces are individual so you cannot get them stuck in the wrong location.  I love the ravensburger puzzles and will continue to purchase more of them in the future.
"I'm a huge fan of the entire line of Ravensburger puzzles, and I particularly enjoyed this one. As one can tell from the photograph on the cover, this is an unusually long yet narrow puzzle, measuring roughly 15"" by 38"", the top half dominated by the beautiful Westerhever Lighthouse and the lower half its reflection in a small strip of water. As puzzles go, this is a comparatively easy one. Once you complete the lighthouse and its reflection, the clouds, and then the houses and area separating the bottom from the top half, you have differing textures of foliage and some water on the bottom, and the blue portion of the sky at the top. On a scale from one to ten, ten being the toughest, this was about a three. I worked this in less than ten hours while watching TV. This particular puzzle was more like a gentle diversion than a challenge.I definitely recommend this puzzle, like I do all of Ravensburger's puzzles. It is an ideal puzzle for a family to work around a table, one or two working on one end while one or two work on the opposite. Or you could, like me, just work it on your own. Either way, this is a great puzzle by a great company."
