Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
If your child likes to color, then your child will LOVE the Crayola Crayon Maker! It's a little tricky to use at first, but it's so fun. Basically, it allows you to take old, broken crayon bits (and what kid doesn't have a ton of those laying around?!) and turn them into new crayons. It's a fun process for kids, it works really well (the only thing you need to add is a light bulb), and it also teaches a sustainability lesson about recycling and reusing. This is definitely a toy that I recommend.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.08373555541038513,0.07661303877830505,0.07852523773908615,0.08040209114551544,0.08755390346050262,0.07700624316930771,0.07725521177053452,0.08309642970561981,0.09610775113105774,0.07996658235788345,0.09542054682970047,0.0843174159526825
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
We just got this out of the package and tried it for the first time.  It's pretty easy to assemble and get started.  The directions are clear as well.All you need is one 60 watt light bulb with a small base to get started.  You also need a phillips head screwdriver to open the compartment where the light bulb is.This comes with some crayons, but you can use your own crayons as well.  You have to break crayons into small pieces, and put them in these metal trays.  When they melt, you can pour them into the crayon molds.  The crayons that come our are half sized crayons, and there are little holders you can put them in to color.  There's a safety latch that prevents you from opening it while it's still hot, which is good.The ONLY negative thing I have to say, is that the crayons didn't melt on the first cycle.  Never.  We had to put the light/heat back on for a second cycle each time.  I got the correct light bulb, so I'm assuming it must be a defect of the product.  But it wasn't a big deal.  We adjusted to it and kept going.We used this product with 10 and 11 year olds.  I was afraid they were too old for crayons but they still enjoyed it.  I also like how this is a way to recycle old pieces of broken crayons and give them a new life!  Definitely recommended.
My daughter, who is 5, asked for this for Christmas. She saw a neighbor get one for her birthday, saw a few commercials, and decided it was THE COOLEST. She has now has a few opportunities to use it, and...it's OK. It doesn't see much use now that the initial excitement has worn off.The main points:The process is not as fast as the commercials make it seem. Basically, the kids would run off and play and want me to call them when the process was done. It takes somewhere in the vicinity of 15 minutes from the time the lid is closed until the process is complete. Add another 5 minutes to that, as you are supposed to set the crayons somewhere to cool completely before removing them from the mold. Plus, the maker uses a special light bulb - a chandelier bulb. It is not included, so make sure you already have one on hand and ready to go, since many people don't.The crayons (at least in our experience) don't stay the vibrant, different colors. As the wax melts, there tends to be some bleeding from one color to another (common sense, really). You will see some different colors, but not quite what you might have expected.You MUST use Crayola crayons ONLY. We put a couple of crayon bits without wrappers in the tray, and at the end of the melting period they were...not melted. At all. I had to pry them out of the tray, as they had stuck on. More like plastic than wax, really. If there is any doubt about the maker of the crayon, I would recommend not using it! They are kind enough to include 4 crayons in the package - but those won't last very long. Each tray holds 2 crayons - so if you use those, they will be gone in one cycle.The melting tray is hard to keep clean. The directions say to wipe it out after you pour into the mold, except that the lid stays locked until the cooling process is complete. By the time the lid unlocks, the wax has hardened back on the tray. It is almost impossible to just chip out, you can't put it in the microwave because the tray is metal, so we've pretty much just left it as is. When I asked the neighbor, they've done the same thing. This might contribute to the muddying of the colors somewhat as well.With those caveats, the Crayon Maker pretty much does just what it was designed to do. I think this would be a wonderful thing for all teachers to have, because every single classroom I've ever been in has *tons* of leftover crayons at the end of the year! Well, as long as they use Crayola crayons...Younger kids lose interest pretty quickly, and quite honestly, even the older (11) neighbor hasn't used it much once the initial excitement wore off. Because really - how many crayons are you going to want to watch melt?So - it's OK. It's fun for a short while, can be useful after that, but is not something that most kids will want to use on a very regular basis.
Kids love to color, so a toy like the Crayola Crayon Maker would seem like an ideal addition to any home with children under the age of eight. Coloring with your child's own crayons he/she just made would seem like a great creative addition to an already fun activity.Unfortunately, the fun with this toy stops at the concept itself. Making crayons is a great idea, but this device has several issues that prevent it from living up to its potential. The way it works is simple enough- you place the crayon material on a tray and set a timer. The heat from the lightbulb melts the crayons, which are then poured into a mold. You then wait for them to cool and they are ready to use. This sounds simple, but there are all sorts of problems along the way, and many of them seem to stem from Crayola's desire to apparently make the crayon maker as safe as possible.One issue is with the locking mechanism. As you move from one step to the next, the device locks itself and you cannot unlock until the cycle is completed. For example, when the crayons are transferred to the molds, there is no way to unlock at this point. You are forced to wait for the crayons to cool before you can open. Issues with the timer are similarly frustrating- if your child accidentally sets the timer prematurely, you have no choice but to wait until it is finished. You cannot move the timer forward. You have to wait for it to complete its cycle.Another issue I have is with the melting phase. There is no buzzer or anything to tell you that the crayons are ready to transfer to the molds. Thus, you have to pay close attention and make sure you are there, when the light bulb goes off, ready to transfer. If you don't act promptly, the crayons will cool off and solidify in the tray.These frustrations might be tolerable enough for more patient types, but there is one ultimate frustration is enough to make you want to give up and ask for a refund. I am referring to the amount of crayons included in each package. You get only enough to make two crayons! You heard me correctly- two small crayons! When you consider what you have to go through just to get a pair of crayons and when you consider how inexpensive crayons are, it makes you wonder why you even bothered to obtain this device in the first place.Making crayons can be fun and there are many ways to make them using ordinary household heat sources, utensils, etc. I recommend making crayons the old fashioned way and skipping the Crayola Crayon Maker completely. It is a good idea gone bad and I can only hope that Crayola has a new and improved version in the making.
Just spent the last hour making crayons with my 2 sons with the Crayola Crayon Maker.First let me say that we had fun. Great way to get rid of all those broken crayons and spend time together having fun as a family.Now for the product:The directions aren't easy to understand. The product itself is not hard to use but I couldn't really tell want to do from the directions, they were hard to understand what they were trying to tell you so I just figured it out on my own.The unit takes a 60-watt, small base, clear candelabra light bulb which was hard for me to find. I had to look in several stores before I found the exact one, always was a different watt or something.You use the unit by taking crayons and breaking them up into small pieces and placing them into a metal tray, the light bulb melts them and then you use a lever and pour the melted crayons into the mold provided. After you start the unit the plastic lid locks and you cannot open it until the whole process is over and everything is cooled down. Just a warning, you don't want to turn the timer on until you are ready because you will be locked out and have to wait 25 minutes until the machine goes through the process.It was fun for us to pick out our crayons and choose which colors we wanted to mix together but in the end, we were disappointed with the results. For one crayon, we picked red and yellow, and instead of having a nice red and yellow marbled crayon like pictured on the box, we kind of just got a muddled orangish crayon. I think that was the worse part, when you colored with it, you just had a single color. I must say that we used out of our box of broken crayons which many were just cheap ones from restaurants and such, maybe we would have had better luck if we had used new Crayolas. I've heard others say that they had better luck with Crayola brand crayons, they are just better quality. I was also disappointed in the crayon shape, it makes a really short crayon and gives you a holder so you can even hold it in your hand. All that work for a crayon that is just 2 inches long.We had fun and will probably use it again but for the price, this is a purchase I would probably skip.
First, I have to say that I had the original Crayon Maker that came out years ago and it was fantastic. It was durable and made full sized crayons.This version is not like the original. The crayons are about 1-11/2 inches long and you put them in a double sided holder. You also have less control over how the colors mix together.The device does not come with a light bulb. You have to go out and buy a light bulb. While cheap, it should be included in the box.As for making the crayons it takes about twenty minutes. My three year old was very excited but quickly grew impatient as the twenty minutes went by. He wanted to make more, but said it took too long. This cannot be controlled due to the melting and cooling process. Make sure you have another activity going on at the same time.Also, do not let a child use without supervision. Parts of the unit do get HOT, especially the top.Update: My first device was defective.  I contacted Crayola and received excellent customer service. A new one was here two days later.I have also notice my star ratings are not sticking. Fun is 3 stars. Educational is 3. Durable is 3. Overall is 3.
I was excited to play with this with my grandkids. We love to color and always have a jar of bits and pieces of crayons. I've used those bits for candles and have melted them into molds for new crayons, but both operations are unsafe for kids.The Crayon Maker uses a 60 watt bulb,(which is not included) not as hot as melting on the stove, but still needing adult supervision.You can choose how you blend the colors, but only to a certain degree as the melted crayons will pour into a double sided mold. Still, we were able make crayons that were all cool colors, then warm colors, then winter colors, and so on.There is a lag time of 20 minutes, so be prepared to do something with the kids while the melting takes place. We used the time to sort colors into various groups.The crayons made are half the size of normal crayons. They are PERFECT for making coloring sets for the car, and for making gifts for toddlers and preschoolers!I thought this toy was a lot of fun, and the kids I was playing with (aged 6-11) had a good time as well.I think it would be a great gift for most families!
Amazon shipped fast! Great product.... A bit messy. My daughter seems to enjoy making weird crayons. Overall a great toy for the holidays!
"I can remember recycling my broken crayons as a child. We didn't have fancy contraptions like this, just an oven and a muffin pan. So, I was excited to try this ""crayon maker"" by crayola with my 3 & 5 yrs olds.Ugh, this was a letdown! First off, it's nearly impossible to figure just the right amount of broken pieces to use. Too much and it over flows, making a very difficult waxy mess to clean up. Second off, it takes along time to make just a couple of crayons. My kids and I were not digging the final result, the small, half sized crayons that require the supplied holders to keep together and are very fragile. The colors also seemed to melt together, so the crayons turn out one not so swirly color. Once the wax hardens on the metal tray it near impossible to clean off! Overall, not worth the effort.My kids were bummed with this after being so excited about the idea. I pulled out our heart shaped muffin pan and they spent the afternoon peeling crayon pieces and filling the tins with their own mixes of color, and watching them melt through the oven window (in half the time it took this product! aprox 10min at 350degree oven). We set the pn out in the snow (freezer would work) and the crayons popped out with ease! The end result, ma thick, sturdy, easy to hold, fun shaped, colorful, homemade crayon!:) And, two happy little girls! All this with things you probably have around the house, broken crayons, a muffin tin and an oven! Trust me, the results are a lot better and you won't have to find a place to stash another toy."
If your child likes to color, then your child will LOVE the Crayola Crayon Maker! It's a little tricky to use at first, but it's so fun. Basically, it allows you to take old, broken crayon bits (and what kid doesn't have a ton of those laying around?!) and turn them into new crayons. It's a fun process for kids, it works really well (the only thing you need to add is a light bulb), and it also teaches a sustainability lesson about recycling and reusing. This is definitely a toy that I recommend.
"First, this does not come with a light bulb. The site tells you this, but it doesn't tell you that the light bulb is not a common size/wattage, which makes it very hard to find. You'll soon be running all over town trying to get one. If this review doesn't dissuade you from the whole purchase, be sure to order one along with the crayon maker.Next, the crayons you make aren't full size.  I don't know why this bothered us so much, but it did. It's not like you're actually making yourself a box of new crayons; they are smaller. It feels like a ripoff somehow.Others have commented on the long waiting time. Plan on at least half an hour for your kids to say ""are they ready yet"" every 10 seconds. You can't make another batch in the meantime; you just have to wait.It's extremely doubtful that your kids will want to do this on a regular basis. That means you have to store this ""toy"" somewhere.If you search the web for phrases such as broken crayon crafts and gifts, you will discover that you can actually melt crayons in the oven or microwave. If you pour them into candy molds (think dollar store item), then voila, you have your own miniature crayons---in fun shapes, too.  That's definitely the way we'll be going from here."
"I had seen these crayon makers in stores but always heard negative things about them.  You can melt crayons in an oven to make new crayons, after all, so why buy a machine to do that?  When I received this, it looked like such a cool idea-- you could even watch the crayons melt before your eyes, and then turn the switch to pour them into molds.  You'd have brand new crayons with swirly colors!  My son and I were intrigued.  He's 5, and very into coloring, and he couldn't wait to make his own crayons.  All we needed was a candelabra lightbulb (which thankfully, we had sitting around) and some broken crayons (though the toy did come with some crayons to break and use to make new crayons).I don't know if we did anything especially wrong, but when I opened the package and started reading the instructions, my son looked at the machine and turned the knobs you use for the timer and pourer.  It was just curiosity, and he definitely didn't turn the knobs hard enough to break anything, but because he turned the knob, the child lock on the crayon maker turned on and we had to wait for that to end before we could begin our experiment.  And then when we started the machine to make our crayons, the knob with the timer would not work anymore.  No more timer clicks, which means that although the machine did its job and we made brand new crayons, we cannot get the knob to go to the ""unlock"" position to get our new crayons out.  The troubleshooting guide lists this as an issue, and we tried ""resetting"" to no avail, so I guess we need to call for a replacement.  Very disappointing since we have our crayons locked inside this machine, and no way to get it out unless my husband fiddles with the machine.  I guess we'll have to call Crayola's customer service and see what they say.I obviously don't know if this will happen on every Crayon Maker toy, but it was disappointing enough to our family that I wouldn't recommend this toy.  Like I said, we'll see what Customer Service has to say, and I'll update if I change my mind."
This product appears to be the successor to theCrayola Crayon Maker.  In that regard, I was hopeful as that unit left a lot to be desired.  This unit is not much improvement.As others note, the toy is great in concept just poor in delivery. Assembly is fairly straight forward though you need your own light-bulb (not supplied).  Next, have you ever used a light-bulb to melt crayons?  Neither did I.  Let me tell you its not a fast process and you will have to explain this fact to your child, but you can use the 25 minutes it takes to melt crayons to do this.  This method is clearly a necessary safety precaution similar to an EZ-Bake oven. The kids loved the concept and choosing colors however and turning the knobs on the machine.  However, if you turn one of the knobs, the automatic child lock engages and you will need to wait until it disengages.The kids loved to watch the crayons melt and though it was really cool to reuse crayons destined for the trash bin. However, after experimentation, I would not mix the cheaper crayons (like those from restaurants) with crayola's. It seems there is a difference in the wax used and the two mix horribly and melt at different temperatures. Cleanup is a little difficult and will require you do some scraping, but overall no big deal.I suspect most people will be happy with the project IF they have patience.  I would say it is a perfect rainy day toy for parents and children (8 and under).
