Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
As has been pointed out by others, clear some serious space to work on this puzzle. I laid down a sheet on my garage floor to work on it there, because I didn't have a large enough flat surface where it would be disturbed. The finished puzzle, which I'm still working to complete, will be around three by five feet. Five thousand pieces is a lot, and as you can see by the box cover there are some considerably confusing areas. But overall it isn't nearly as difficult as some puzzles I've seen, because you can start grouping the pieces together by color, at least, as well as by whether they are part of a person, car, or something else. I'm not a super-experience puzzle builder, and I've made a good amount of progress based on the hours I've put into it so far. This will look great glazed and mounted once completed. The pieces are sturdy.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.07345813512802124,0.06786195933818817,0.07003651559352875,0.07102382183074951,0.07312402874231339,0.07266488671302795,0.07005584985017776,0.07250279933214188,0.07043091207742691,0.06975755095481873,0.06839554011821747,0.07385209947824478,0.07413817197084427,0.0726977214217186
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
This is a great quality puzzle. The scene is vividly colorful and eye pleasing with red hearts allover the busy picture.This is perfect for a lazy afternoon of family fun or even before or after dinner. You name the time, it'll always be enjoyment.I have the puzzle and most of the pieces on a large table and we do a little bit at a time. It's always quality time and when anyone gets a piece to fit, it's announced and applauded.This is a fairly difficult puzzle and 5,000 pieces is a lot, but that is the reason it can be enjoyed for so long and again the picture is really nice and we anticipate when it's all put together.
"The first thing that comes to mind with this puzzle is ""enourmous"".  It's 5,000 pieces.  It weighs several pounds.  It's five feet long.  I tried usingBankers Box Tuff-Board Plastic Presentation Boards, White, 2 Pack (3383102)and laying one on the bottom and one on top.  It's not big enough.  It takes up my entire bed when I work on it.  Get this for the kids (assuming you have someplace to work on it) and it'll keep them busy, and their minds active, all summer.  The image is full, and well differentiated, so at least you aren't solving 500 pieces of sky. It's actually rather easy--if enormous.  The little hidden images are delightful, such as the flyjng saucers.  They're right out in the open, but you only notice them when you start paying attention to that section.  It's an image that deserves that much time and attention.Ravensburger is pretty solidly top of the line for jigsaw puzzles.  Nothing is malformed.  Nothing is damaged.  Everything interlocks well.  The manufacture is excellent.If you have pets, you will need a way to cover this. With that many peices, and paws walking over it, it'll take too long to solve it before a piece is lost.Overall, top scores for fun, engaging, jigsaw action."
"This was my first 5000 piece puzzle. I thought this would be a fun activity to do with my 8 year old. He lost interest soon after we got the border pieces completed, and I was left to finish it alone. So, if you are looking to do this puzzle with a child, I'd just consider your child's patience level. My son just didn't have the patience, but other kids his age may be fine with it.Size: I underestimated the size of our dining room table, and we could not fit this 60"" x 40"" puzzle on our table. So I ended up splitting it into  2 pieces and doing them side by side. It worked, but I never got the full effect of seeing it fully together. It was fun putting together such a large puzzle though, and came with a fantastic sense of accomplishmentQuality: I haven't done many puzzles recently, but I was really happy with the quality of this puzzle. The pieces were thick enough that they didn't feel fragile. They were brightly colored. And they were large enough that I didn't feel like a giant trying to pick up tiny pieces of cardboard. There were a few pieces where the picture startted to lift off the cardboard around the corners. But it wasn't a significant issue. I did love how bright and colorful the picture is.Overall, this took me 3 weeks to complete (worked on it most nights and partial weekends during that time)."
I have been a fan of James Rizzi for many years and appreciate Ravensburger puzzles as of the best quality, so the opportunity to drop everything and undertake the massiveJames Rizzi: City 5000 Piece Puzzlewas welcomed.  From the initial weight of the box to the countless pieces which I trusted would all be included, I knew the size of this puzzle would necessitate the surface of our entire dining room table, so we were well prepared.  Using our helpful lamps, we first separated the pieces by colors which are brighter than the puzzles we'd completed over the past few weeks.  It's easy to obsess while assembling a jigsaw puzzle, and believe me, we obsessed.  I even saw imaginary pieces as I dropped off to sleep at night for a few nights.  If you're looking for a quick fix, this is not the puzzle for you, but if you're looking to spend days and days with small successes, you can't go wrong with this high quality, sturdy, whimsical puzzle that is a tribute to James Rizzi.  His work make me smile.  Since Mr. Rizzi passed away last year, I expect that more puzzles will be available, likely in smaller versions.  As for me right now, I'm ready to embark on a puzzle that can be completed in a night or two while I decompress.  I wholeheartedly recommend this puzzle to those who are unintimidated by lengthy projects.
This puzzle is a heroic undertaking, but my family loved it.  5000 pieces is a lot, and even though there is a ton of individual detail in the painting, it's still really hard to find just the right matching piece when you have thousands of pieces to choose from.Some tips:- Set aside a lot of space to build and sort.  The finished puzzle is at least five feet by three and a half feet, and you'll need additional space to organize the pieces.- Plan for a long haul - at least a few hours of sorting pieces, plus probably days of building.  If you have curious pets, find a room that you can keep them out of, or find a way to store the pieces when not in use, like big resealable Tupperware and something to lay over the built pieces of the puzzle.- Other than that, it's like a regular puzzle but bigger.  Get some bowls and sort the pieces, then work the edges and work in.
James Rizzi: City 5000 Piece Puzzle has to be the toughest puzzle I have ever tried to put together,  I have spent days on this one.  You're going to need a lot of space when you attempt to complete it.  At least several feet in either direction.  My suggest is either you have a 12 foot length and wide table or better yet piece it together on the floor.  So, if you are looking for a challenging puzzle then look no further than the James Rizzi: City 5000 Piece Jigsaw Puzzle.
Don't worry, I'm not going to go all soft and gushy about a puzzle!  Everyone knows what a jigsaw puzzle is, so I'll simply highlight a few of the characteristics of this particular offering.1) It's massive!  With 5000 regular sized pieces, the puzzle measures approximately 5 feet long by 3.3 feet wide.  Make sure, therefore, you have a workspace that can accomodate those dimensions.2) Ravensburger means quality.  Ravensburger is a prestige label puzzle maker.  As such, I didn't experience the problems inherent in many cheaper versions ( such as poorly cut pieces).3) It is whimsical.  I don't know why, but I'm rather more inclined to put together an illustrated puzzle as opposed to a photographic one.  I like my puzzles fun.  This cityscape by James Rizzi is certainly packed with detail (wacky buildings, traffic, loads of pedestrians and birds) and is really colorful.  It's a little one note, though.  With this much content, I'd expect to be able to scan through the images constantly finding something new to amuse me.4) It's massively difficult.  This is my first 5000 piece puzzle, so it was definitely a challenge.It's a puzzle, though, what else can I say?  KGHarris, 5/12.
"This a busy, flirty Rizzi 'scape in all of its boldness, in Ravensburger puzzle quality. Bright and colorful pieces on blue cardboard-type backing.5000 pieces is an intimidating mountain to try to get through alone.  This would be more enjoyable as a ""team effort"" with a plan on how to effectively sort the pieces that have very similar coloring.  It will also mean devoting a huge table or committing a section of hard floor space.I would call this a ""peace and love in the city"" cartoon theme. Lots of ""peace"" symbols, people holding hands and bodies, flirting, kissing and laughter all around. Many birds are scattered throughout, watching with the three aliens in ships hovering above.A bunch of birds, some dogs and a cat actually join in the lovefest-even a few of the buildings are kissing. So, if you have little kids that are helping, expect that you may get some questions about who's kissing/holding/touching who (I got plenty of questions over here).It's an interesting conversation puzzle, especially for adults and teens. If giving as a gift, be sure you ""know your audience."""
...but when I do, it needs to be fun, and you can't get much more fun than the whimsical art of James Rizzi. If you have the space for it, this is an enjoyable project for the whole family to have family-time the old fashioned way.The finished puzzle is going to be 5 feet long by almost 4 feet, so I spread out a large foam exercise mat to build it on. Unless you have a gymnasium-sized room to spread out the 5000 pieces on, I suggest dumping them into a large, flat container - I used an under-bed sheet storage box - to make it much easier to dig around for pieces.Kids of all ages can have fun helping put the puzzle together. The youngest can hunt for border pieces (easy to find since there is a white border all around) and then they can individually work on cars, buildings, birds, people and all the other things in the picture. Ravensburger printed the picture beautifully and there are subtle differences between colors: the slick colors of the cars, muted colors of clothing, even more muted colors of distant buildings and people. This will take weeks if not months to put together, but it's so cheerful that it will be a pleasure to work on it on summer rainy (or too-hot) days.
On a level of difficulty, on a scale from one to ten, I'd rank this about a nine. It is a gargantuan puzzle, so large that most people are going to have difficulty finding a place to work it. It isn't just large, but hard. The patterns repeat over and over and trying to find where pieces go is extremely difficult both because of how hard they are and because of the logistical problems of sifting through so many pieces.Now I don't mind all these problems if you have an especially attractive puzzle, but I frankly found this one a tad on the unattractive side. For me a lot of the joy of working a puzzle is coming up with a picture that you find pleasing in the end. Others may find it more attractive than me. But if you like working a puzzle thanks to the entire difficulty, this is the puzzle for you.One comment. This is a big puzzle. Even if you have a standard 37 inch by 37 inch card table, it won't fit. It won't fit, in fact, on most tables. It will challenge most dining room tables. So this is a puzzle that requires a very conditional recommendation. Very difficult? Yes. Enormous? Yes. Not attractive (at least to me)? Yes. So put those all together and decide if you fits your needs. I personally would go for any of a large number of other puzzles, especially Ravensburger.
"An excellent puzzle that took me a long time seeing as I'm new to devoted puzzles. Granted, I've had my fair share when I was kid, but they were the supremely easy ones from the dollar store, or those tiny-boxed ones from book fairs, which took me a little longer to do. But they didn't retain my interest in puzzles for too long, unfortunately.But today, after reading some literature and a weird fascination with blank puzzles, I decided to go ""light"" and order this Ravensburger city puzzle.I don't know what I was thinking.I mean, the actual puzzle is great, and when I opened it I realized why the company is known for their puzzles: the pieces are quality. But when I opened it is when I realized I should've started even lighter. There were so many tiny pieces! I mean, I know the box obviously states 5000, but that number meant nothing to me until I saw the contents.But ventured forth I did, and, a month later, the puzzle was done. Like I said, I'm new to puzzles, so I took my precious time. It was fun overall, and I can't speak any more highly of Ravensburger's quality, but I might take a few months before starting the other puzzle I ordered!The pieces fit together fine in my set, and the end picture was vibrant and unique. I've already taken it apart and put it away, hoping to try it again and time myself next time."
A 5,000-piece puzzle is a HUGE undertaking!  The finished puzzle is about 3' by 5' (that's FEET, not inches) and so you will need a huge space in which to work on it. It took up almost our entire rectangular dining room table, which normally seats 6 comfortably. The bag full of the puzzle pieces is about the size of a small backpack! They should make you sign a contract stating that you will not hold the company responsible if you go insane trying to get it done!  You would have to be crazy, obsessed, or permanently retired to do this puzzle on your own, but it IS fun, especially in groups.As far as the quality goes, either I've been doing some very good puzzles and have gotten spoiled, or their quality is really just average.  The pieces that are meant to go together fit PERFECTLY. If they don't fit absolutely perfectly, you have the wrong piece. On the other hand, many of the pieces seemed to get stuck together easily, and carefully twisting them apart was the only way to prevent the picture from partially lifting away from the piece. (see photos)It is easy to get different parts of the puzzle mixed up as there are repeating patterns, and colors. It's totally Maddening!We decided to tackle this as a family, by sorting out pieces by different patterns, colors, or shapes, and all four of us worked on it.  It took us a week just to sort all the pieces! We haven't finished it yet so I can't tell how long it will take us. I would guess it will be months before it is complete.If you love puzzles, or know someone who does, and really want them to drive them crazy, get them one of these.
As has been pointed out by others, clear some serious space to work on this puzzle. I laid down a sheet on my garage floor to work on it there, because I didn't have a large enough flat surface where it would be disturbed. The finished puzzle, which I'm still working to complete, will be around three by five feet. Five thousand pieces is a lot, and as you can see by the box cover there are some considerably confusing areas. But overall it isn't nearly as difficult as some puzzles I've seen, because you can start grouping the pieces together by color, at least, as well as by whether they are part of a person, car, or something else. I'm not a super-experience puzzle builder, and I've made a good amount of progress based on the hours I've put into it so far. This will look great glazed and mounted once completed. The pieces are sturdy.
"I want to start of by saying that this is a rather large puzzle.  The measurement is 60""x40"".  I have a pretty large table and it doesn't even fit on it.  I had to do this puzzle on my floor.  Just make sure that the place you are wanting to do this puzzle at is large enough.This 5000 piece puzzle looks really neat when complete. The colors are nice and bright. The quality of this puzzle is top-of-the-line. The pieces are nice and thick and fit together perfectly. There's no guessing whether or not it's the right piece. The ""linen-structured paper"" does a perfect job of keeping the puzzle ""glare-free"" as advertised. It has a nice feel to it too.I had a lot of fun doing this puzzle off and on for 5 days. I loved it and would highly recommend it for those that enjoy the larger puzzles like I do."
