Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
It was 3am, and I heard noises in the house. Worried, I walked into the hallway and heard it was from our little guy's bedroom. He was in there playing with the Smarty Ants pup! I can't get him to stop! He is excited by all the features and is quickly learning about different vowel and consonant sounds, is enjoying the games, stories, and activities. This thing is the BEST! It is comprehensive, cuddly, and fun--effortless learning in a friendly package. Way to go!I wish this product were still available. Anybody know? I want another!

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.08714056015014648,0.09115773439407349,0.0952218696475029,0.08694469928741455,0.09259753674268723,0.08952194452285767,0.09308425337076187,0.09158987551927567,0.0892619714140892,0.09119085967540741,0.09228874742984772
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
This is so cute! The little dogs mouth moves very well as it is talking and singing. It keeps our kids (ranging from two and a half to five) very enthralled. They stop what they are doing and gather around Smarty Ants to watch and listen. The standard program includes several songs and a series of phonetics for them to learn. It also has a 30 day enrollment to their website to download other series, and has a wired computer connection included. It seems to be pretty durable however I am afraid to let the kids handle it too much, it is white! As an adult I found that some of the singing was hard to understand, but the kids don't seem to have any problems understanding it.
This cute little dog is really fun but the computer program takes up a ton of memory over a meg. We have also had trouble getting new songs on the dog. However my five year old daughter loves the online world that comes with the dog. It is a online world of learning. Your dog also joins you on your adventures. It comes with one month free but after that there is a cost, I believe it was 25 dollars for 6 months.
It was 3am, and I heard noises in the house. Worried, I walked into the hallway and heard it was from our little guy's bedroom. He was in there playing with the Smarty Ants pup! I can't get him to stop! He is excited by all the features and is quickly learning about different vowel and consonant sounds, is enjoying the games, stories, and activities. This thing is the BEST! It is comprehensive, cuddly, and fun--effortless learning in a friendly package. Way to go!I wish this product were still available. Anybody know? I want another!
"Very, very cute little dog... but I won't put up with all the hoops of signing up for Smarty Ants and downloading the large files, then paying the monthly fees to keep a subscription.Here are their listed PC Minimum System Requirements:Operating System: Windows XP Service Pack 2, Windows Vista or Windows 7Processor: Pentium 4 or EquivalentMemory: 512 MBVideo Memory: 128MB with Pixel Shader 2.0 and Vertex Shader 2.0Sound Card: DirectX CompatibleDirectX: 9.0cHard Drive Space: 2GBAs I'm sure the owner of this company is noticing, parents don't want to pay monthly subscription fees for games. The thing is, there's already a lot on the market for phonics and reading readiness-- handheld games for kids, books, free programs on the computer (like Starfall), TV gaming console systems, etc. And with any of the physical products, you own them and can pass them onto your next kids, your family members, resell them, donate them to a charity, etc. With a subscription, as soon as you stop paying, it's gone and there's no value left in it for you.This would have to be stupendous for me to pay on an ongoing basis-- and from what I've seen, it's not. What's available on the dog without signing up already got on my nerves, and the preview video was nothing special. So I'm left with a cute stuffed animal that's hiding in the closet now because I don't want to hear the darn ""Cat on Mat"" rhyme again."
"The concept of this toy is intriguing---an online learning system that is combined with a real-life talking toy to support the learning when the game is off.  I am not a huge fan of electronic learning games, but my kids like them, so I figured I'd let them give this a try.  My primary evaluator was a 4.5 year old boy who is a wiz with all things electronic.Before you read my review, remember that the price of this is not really just the $30 for the dog, but the yearly subscription you need to buy to enable the program.  The price is not even listed on Amazon, but it is $25/3 months, or $50 for one year.  To get you hooked, the designers give you a 2 week free trial.I opened the package and showed it to my kids--ages 6, 4, and 3.  They all thought the dog was really funny, and they took turns carrying it around and pushing the paw.  The stuffed animal is soft, and the robotic motions are kind of cool as it sings various songs when you squeeze the paw.  It is actually rather cuddly, which is saying something for a robotic dog.  They all laughed as it spoke, and my son enjoyed running around the house making it talk (and bite his hand).However, it quickly became clear that it was just babbling.  It claimed it was ""teaching"", but all the dog would say was ""ant on mat.  mat on ant"" and other nonsensical things.  I could not see my kids learning anything from this dog.  It also only can have 2 things loaded at a time, a song from one paw and a story from the other.  New information seems to delete the old information, and there are few controls for parents to adjust what is on the dog (see below).We proceeded to try the software.  To be honest, the software was a tremendous let-down.  I work with computers for a living and have used plenty of kids software as well.  My 4-year-old is a wiz with the computer.It was extremely slow to load, having to download a bunch of information from the website.  First run took almost 10 minutes.  Once he got playing, it spent about 15 minutes with a swimming pool ""evaluation"" game that got boring fast.  While taking too long to play, it shouted annoying pool safety messages.  Often, the word my son was supposed to click was not synthesized well by the computer, so he couldn't understand what was being said.  Beyond the pool, the games are visually appealing, but often the rules are unclear.  Some games look like traditional computer games (like climbing a wall), but you have to click phoenems.  While trying to just ""be a gamer"", my son failed to actually click on the correct phoenem.  The design of the games doesn't make it clear that you have to answer questions, and once again, the text to speech often swallowed sounds before he could hear them.When my son went to play it again the next day, instead of launching, it spent another 10 minutes downloading.  About 10 minutes into playing, it told him it had downloaded more updates, and then asked my 4 year old if he wished to ""continue playing or restart"".  Yikes!  This is a game for a 4 year old--why do I have to come over 10 minutes into it to explain what it means to restart?  Meanwhile, the restart was another boring 5 minutes.  The next day, it took another 10 minutes to load as it downloaded more information.  During the game, there are ""loading"" screens with a small progress bar that is hard to see.  Couldn't the designers put better animation during loading?  This is a game for small children.  Even Microsoft Windows has more appealing animation while copying large files.Meanwhile, the parental controls are very weak.  I cannot even find a way to exit the game easily without using Task Manager.  Presumably they locked out the exit feature so a 4 year old could play by himself, but without clear instructions, it is locking me out as well.I had thought the dog would somehow work in tandem with the game.  Nothing in the game seems to use the dog.  But if you play the game with the dog connected via USB, it will sometimes download a new song/story pair.  Now, instead of listening to an inane ""cat on mat"" song, I hear a song about ""Nell has a bad hangnail"".  There are no obvious controls to restore the ""cat on mat"" song, so I can see kids getting upset when their favorite song is gone.  Once again, no parental control lets me adjust what is loaded on the dog.  The dog does nothing during gameplay.  I would have preferred something where the dog was somehow initiated to sing or talk during the game.In short, I do not recommend you buy.  The games are not that educational, the flow of the program can get kids confused, and having to pay a subscription fee for the whole system is just the death knell for it.  There are much better electronic learning toys out there if that is what you desire - SmartAnts just is not one of them."
When we first opened this toy, I thought great, it's cute and very soft.  It moves nicely along with the songs and words.  But then we tried to operate it with the computer.  It took so long to load that we tried it on a different computer, with no better luck.  We finally gave up on it, and since paying for membership is not cheap, it's just as well.  My grandson, who is three, did not want to hear it after about three plays, and I can't blame him, the song and story included are distressingly annoying!  So we decided it's just a plush toy, looks cute on the shelf and his baby brother like to pet it, but that's it!
"First off, this dog is REALLY cute.  It's a nice size, cuddly and soft with a sweet face.  As a stuffed toy it ranks up there.As a learning toy?  Ehhhh, not so much.  It takes forever to get the entire thing hooked up and loaded on to your computer and downloaded to the dog, which means we the parent are doing all of it as it's not something you can give to your child to do.  And it takes  at least an hour of monotonous clicking and choosing different options, saying yes/no a zillion times, etc.  Once you do that, you actually need to sit with your child 99% of the time to help them interact.  I prefer to interact with my children through cooking, talking, playing family games together and mostly, going outside to play.  This is not one of those toys where they can spend a little quiet time on their own with their cute little puppy on a fun website, you have to be there guiding them along and that doesn't appeal to me at all.The sound quality is poor.  If you don't already speak and understand English very well, you will have a difficult time following what is going on.  I don't know if it's the voice they chose (a man's voice rather than a cute little puppy/boy type voice)or if the fur is muffling the sound, but it's just not that clear.  The pre-loaded tune ""Ant on Mat"" is cute and catchy and the way the dog dances and moves his head is adorable.  It's not too loud or annoying, though I'm fairly certain after a few hours in the car I might be rethinking that statement.  Also, you can only download one story/game to the toy at a time, so if you're going on a long trip, your child is going to quickly tire of the same story/song/game instead of having a choice of 3-4 at a time.  The only way to change games is to hook him back up to the computer and download another one (for a fee, of course)The biggest downfall is that you have to PAY for a subscription to keep the toy updated with new games and higher skill levels.  And it's not a cheap price either, we pay less for our monthly phone bill.  Without the subscription, the games stay the same and aren't any different than any of the hundreds of other pre-loaded ""educational"" toys out there.  And only one child can play with this toy because once you do the assessment, those are the only games you're going to be able to access without paying for a second (or third,etc) subscription.  There are literally DOZENS of free learning websites out there that are much better and are free, why would anyone want to pay for one?  This toy could have been a hit if it were able to interact with PBS or Nick Jr. or something along those lines....or if the website had been free.I'm not a fan of toys that require paid subscriptions to access most of the features and those that require constant that much time sitting in front of a computer trying to get it to work.  Anyone with children knows their attention spans are short and after you've spent an hour downloading, upgrading, etc the new games to your pup, you're not going to be that thrilled when your child comes to you 20 minutes later and says ""All done, can you change it?""  Not to mention the fact that this is a furry stuffed toy and I don't know about your kids, but mine are full of lots of bodily fluids that the do no hesitate to share with the world....how is Smarty Ants cleaned?"
This would be an excellent toy if it wasn't for the subscription.... why can't it be more like leap frog you buy what you want but with this one in order for it to continue to work you have to have a subscription and how many parents these days can afford to pay for a subscription for a toy to continue to work? I think if this had a different way of adding things it would be a better toy beause the little dog is really cute :)
"The web site associated with this otherwise cute toy is not easy to navigate, takes too long to ""earn"" items to download to the dog, and is very costly.  I will not continue my free trial to the $25 for 3 months.  My daughter has more fun on free sites on the computer that teach the same basics.I was hoping this was a modern day Teddy Ruxpin, but have been horribly disappointed.  I would not purchase this."
"Here's the thing: people don't really like buying toys that they have to *subscribe* to.  It's one thing for a magazine or newspaper, but for something like a toy, even a supposedly educational one, that's really stretching things.  For starters, you want to take the toy out of the box, do whatever assembly is required (none, in this case, one plus of the Pup) and then let the kids play.  That's it.  Even with educational toys, that's what's expected.I've dealt with Leapfrog products (Leapster gaming system, Tag, and My Pal Violet) and found the set up relatively simple.  Many of their products have an online presence where you download elements to enhance the toy's direct value for your child.  When I opened up the Smarty Ants packaging, my disappointment was immediately and crushing - a PAID subscription, seriously?  Without it, the Pup functions in a generic state, singing songs to your child at what I would guess is about a 4 year old learning level, teaching words via phonics.Perusing the Smarty Ants website, I'm not encouraged by what I see.  Rather than toy-based activities, your subscription gets you access to some songs that the Pup will sing along with an online environment for your child to access.  I don't know about any of you, but I'm trying to encourage my kids to just *play*, not sit on the computer.  They're going to do plenty of that when they get older.  Now's the time for them to be doing things, not sitting on the computer.With Leapster products, you download content for your toy, unplug, and they go play AND learn.  Not so with the Smarty Ants Pup.  I really don't know what the dog has to do with anything, actually - it's more like a little door prize, almost a trick to get you to log in to their site, and there is where the actually ""stuff"" is.  I don't know, maybe I sound bitter, but I feel like this is a bit of a cheat.  Cute puppy, some so-so songs (which do grow grating very quickly,) and then they jab you with a subscription the value of which is mostly for online content.  If you're fine with your kids being online a lot, maybe this is a good value for you at $50 a year.  I feel like they can get a lot more elsewhere and have more fun *not* being on the computer.The kicker was that I simply left the Pup out for my kids to interact with and just see what happened.  My 5 year old showed absolutely no interest - none - but our 2 year old took to it immediately.  What age groups does Smarty Ants' learning aim at?  4-7.  The toy totally misses the mark.  And that's why Leapfrog gets it right - and gets our money - and why Smarty Ants likely will not until they rethink their strategies."
"Yes, the robotic dog is adorable and his test mode is almost worth the price!  He is soft and cute and watching his mouth move intrigues the little ones. However, after we get past that, it becomes a problem.  Downloading his software to a MAC was impossible. We could not get him to work on a MAC depsite our system meeting all the requirements listed on the box.  Not a problem, let me just download it to my pc. Sigh. Okay, another long task, but it will all be worth it, right?I enrolled my just turned 4 year old at the SmartyAnts site.  Again, this download takes some time.  It was fun to jump in the pool and catch the right letter!  However, how do you get out of the game?  There is no ""escaping"" the letter pool.  You have to continue on to see how many you get right or wrong in order to continue.I thought that the SmartyAnts dog would read my child stories, but that's not really the case. You have to work through each lesson and sort of ""earn"" the story. For a child that is just learning, this makes it difficult.  They aren't going to earn that story right away.Cost?  Compared to free preschool games you can find online, I had to ask myself, ""Would this really be worth $25 for three months?""  The answer was fast, ""no, not really"".  If I had received this as a GIFT and it had come with a years subscription, then maybe it would be worth it.  I just don't see the cost benefit here.Also, where oh where is the music section for SmartyAnts?  It was nowhere to be found for us. I suppose we didn't ""earn"" it???  No idea, but again, I thought we were going to get a dog that would sing songs and read stories.  I didn't realize all these things had to be earned.I will have to try it out with an older child and see how they do with it.  It didn't work out to more than a cute robotic dog for my advanced four year old."
