Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
I got a couple of these and I was disappointed with the sound quality most of all, but even if the sound would have been really good, I don't think this is the music I'd purchase for baby. I like a lot of the classic albums available for babies, and many of the old sing along favorites. My grandson didn't like these any more than I did and actually asked me to put something else on (he's four)

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.06258728355169296,0.059399671852588654,0.05771949514746666,0.05806119367480278,0.061393480747938156,0.05750313028693199,0.06002086400985718,0.05864562839269638,0.058274056762456894,0.0566851980984211,0.0552988201379776,0.06133017688989639,0.056961964815855026,0.061084210872650146,0.059141937643289566,0.06089166924357414,0.05500123277306557
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
I got a couple of these and I was disappointed with the sound quality most of all, but even if the sound would have been really good, I don't think this is the music I'd purchase for baby. I like a lot of the classic albums available for babies, and many of the old sing along favorites. My grandson didn't like these any more than I did and actually asked me to put something else on (he's four)
The world needs another singalong album like it needs another teen idol, but what can you do?  Your baby will probably enjoy it, because she's a baby and doesn't know any better.  You'll probably want to hurl the disc out of the car window and back over it several times after the first listen.  So I don't know who I'm supposed to rate this for.  I'll just say that it's a good time for baby and probably better for her development than playing the latest Kanye West album.That is all.
"I have a 5yo and 3yo and they have enjoyed ""singing along""to Juno Baby. Lots of fun! Its always neat when the girls memorize a new song and can sing it on their own."
"If you're a clasical music person, you're going to LOVE this CD for your children!  This gal has a PhD and retired from Eastman School of Music to raise her family, and decided to use her talents to produce this Juno Baby series.  Honestly, as a musician, you just can't find something like this unless you get something from The Wiggles. She teaches such awesome intervals while also teaching about not being afraid, getting your hair cut, liking broccoli (my favorite on the disc) and the animals in the ocean (absolutely beautiful, sounds like a praise and worship song).  You can tell that she is a classical composer because everything is ""musical"" and not something just plunked out on a keyboard.  Even if you have no musical background whatsoever, this series is so incredibly well thought out that it's no wonder it has won as many awards as it has.I do have a couple of complaints, however, and they're musical in nature.  I would like to see her use proper vowel sounds when singing - i.e. treasOUR instead of treasUR!  Kids are never too young to learn proper vowel sounds in music!  Makes it easier to fix when they reach college!  Also, I would have loved to hear a selection in their natural voices from the vocalists at the end of the disc to treat the parents.  In addition, 9 and 10-year-olds were listening to this cd and just loving the music. Might want to think about expnding your horizons to include older children as well. Lastly, if you're someone who really dislikes it when adults vocalize for children, go get a cd of the Wiggles.  They NEVER do that but this album, however, is filled to the brim with that.  I must say, it TOTALLY gets on everyone's nerves who hears this cd over the age of 7.  I don't see a need for it, the Wiggles don't do it,and with the vocal abilities of the performers on this disc, I really am left with little understanding as to why this avenue has been chosen.  It DEFINITELY detracts from the music and this gal's abilities to compose.  Please reconsider singing in your normal voice - again, children are never too young to learn proper singing.Other than that, this series is just incredible!  Second only to the Wiggles!  Highly, highly recommend!"
"I got this CD hoping I could sing along w/ my 6 month old twin infants. Even though the musical arrangements were very good, the singing was a bit grating on my nerves. Not only was the singing a bit nerve wracking, I couldn't really sing along to anything because unless you memorize the lyrics there's no way you can ""sing along"". My 6 year old daughter also found it difficult to distinguish the words in the lyrics. Occasionally, she heard a phrase here and there but otherwise found all the songs uninteresting. Not something the children could dance or sing along w/.Overall, personally I can't quite recommend this product. I liked the classical orchestra arrangements, but wasn't overly impressed w/ the singing. But sans the singing than there are many other classical songs that are much better, which negates the whole purpose of the ""sing along"" CD."
"First of all, I want to mention that neither I or my child didn't watch any of the Juno videos, so we can only give our review on the cd itself.The music is quite nice, one can hear multiple instruments in the orchestra, the melodies are quite simple on the first glance, but you can see there is some depth to the music, so you can actually enjoy the music. On the other hand, the voices singing songs are cutesy fake children's voices, sounding annoying and giving false notes now and then. So, after few times, the cd became unbearable to listen (for me, my baby was quite content with it, and asked for the cd over and over again, which is good, since it is a cd for him, not for me)I was also quite appalled by some song lyrics, the Broccoli song in particular. It says in many ways how bad  broccoli tastes, At the end of the song the character changes his mind and decides that broccoli does taste good indeed, but I noticed this part of the song only after maybe fifth time, and the song is supposed to be for babies, and I do not know any real babies who could listen to a long song and understand the meaning in its entirety, but I can easily see a baby who remembered the ""broccoli stinks"" part and then repeats it at the dinner table. Not good.So, since my baby liked the cd, and I hated the words and voices, I ordered the instrumental version. No words, both me and my baby happy."
As a Vine panelist, I ordered this CD, but received a different one, the Welcome to Harmonia Springs Instrumental Edition. Please see my review at http://www.amazon.com/review/R3I7MRJRQVHD11/ref=cm_cr_rdp_perm.
My 15 month old nephew enjoys this CD.  He dances to it and bounces around to the beat. For the price I would probably purchase something else.
I bought this for my 2 year old to listen to in the car.  He loves music and I hoped we could both listen to this.  I was impressed by the quality of the music, minus the voices.  The actual instrumentals are really nice, and if there wasn't any singing, or was singing in a normal adult voice, it would have been a great CD.  Unfortunately the singing was done in annoying cartoon voices.  I'm not familiar with these cartoon characters and neither is my son, so there was no value to hearing them sing.  The voices were so annoying that my husband and I couldn't stand to listen to more than a few minutes of the CD.  These voices made Alvin and the Chipmunks sounds like Celine Dion.  It's really a shame, because I would have loved the product with a normal voice singing (or no singing).
This is my first experience with a Juno CD as well as the series. If you happen to see the Juno DVD you can enjoy the music even more on how it is arranged. I'f you haven't I'd definately recommend it; it puts a whole new understanding to the music you hear. The CD is nicely done and sharp. This particular CD you can sing along to there songs, appealing to children who know the music and appreciate the songs. It's quite different and unique to regular toddler music and songs... so they may either love it or hate it.The other nice factor about the CD is that it includes lyrics. The age range is supposed to be for children ages 1-5. It definately helps to know the characters though whom' are singing, so I would again recommend the DVD in addition to this or the DVD first.
Fans of Juno will recognize quite a few of these songs, and this orchestral edition does them justice.  Particular favorites include Rhythm is Everywhere, Broccoli, I'll Cut My Hair, and Cool Cat. If you've never watched Juno, the song titles won't make a lot of sense - but that shouldn't harm your (or your kids') enjoyment of the music. Broccoli and Rhythm is Everywhere are particularly catchy...although the Broccoli song seems to do the exact opposite of its intent by becoming a rallying cry NOT to taste broccoli. That said, it's a very different thing to hear these songs than see them on screen. Much of Juno's charm is puppetry and CGI, and although my son loves the DVDs he has no interest in the CDs.Also, the cat character's voice is really irritating.
I think the Juno Baby Sing Along Edition is a great way to Show your Child diversity in music. It provides exposure to all types of music, which inturn makes them a well rounded person as the grow up.
Overall, we really like the Juno Baby cd.  The music is incredibly enjoyable and uplifting.  Our 17-month-old boy was immediately drawn into the voices and the fun rhythms.  He's not yet old enough to enjoy singing along by himself with theJuno Baby -- Orchestral Edition, but he LOVES theJuno Baby Sing Along Edition.  The composers definitely have a clear understanding of children's development and the themes of the songs are very relevant for kids.  Quite honestly, the voices are a tad grating to adults, but children must love it.  The voices are sort of cartoony & nasal and I find it a bit annoying to listen to repeatedly.  However, my son took to the voices immediately!
I absolutely disagree with the above review - I think this is a great sing along CD and my kids request it all the time (esp during car rides!)  As with any character-based sing-along, it really would help if you were familiar with the characters and DVDs.  I'm sure many would find singing to Micky Mouse/Donald Duck annoying if you did not know who they are.  My kids have watched all the DVDs and are very familiar with the characters - which makes the sing along that much more fun and entertaining for all of us. They sometimes pretend to be a certain character when singing, too.  The biggest plus? It's beautifully orchestrated. Definitely recommend!
For children, I much prefer music that introduces them to important musical traditions--folk, jazz, world, etc.  This CD just feels like giving children a meal of cheetos and smarties.  Fun, yes.  Sweet, yes.  But cheesy.  And not really educating kids about music.  I would choose Elizabeth Mitchell, Pete Seeger, many of the Putumayo series, etc.  Kids need to be treated like people and not like consumers.  Pop on some Johnny Costa playing the music of Mister Rogers' Neighborhood.  Don't be fooled.
This being our first introduction to Juno, the CD didn't prove that great to enjoy or sing-along with.  The melodies are slightly over-structured and the voices are pitchy.  But again, the enjoyability of singing along probably presumes knowing the characters you're singing along with.  So if, like mine, your kids don't know Juno, perhaps start with aJuno DVDor just go with more familiarsing-along songs CD.
"I waited until we would be taking a long drive in the car, so we would be able to listen to the whole thing (all 31 minutes LOL) without interruption. As soon as it began, I had flashbacks to children's shows like Fraggle Rock, which had great music with weird puppet voices. I glanced back at my son to see his reaction, and he had a huge smile on his face. I asked him, ""What do you think?"" He replied, ""This is great music!""My son listens to all kinds of music genres, but when it comes to children's music, he's been listening to a lot of Imagination Movers and They Might Be Giants...I was afraid this music might be a little too childish in comparison, but he was laughing his head off at some of the lyrics & made me play the CD more than once.To be honest, due to the short length & puppet voices, this isn't one that I can play in the car more than a couple of times, but I was really glad that I selected this one.In addition to entertaining lyrics telling stories that little kids could probably relate to (or at least find amusing), the music was sensational! I am shocked that I never heard of Juno Baby before the Vine Program. I'm very glad my son was able to enjoy this CD.We've also been listening toJuno Jr. Instrumental Edition."
