Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
My barely two-year old is a fan of trains. A HUGE fan. He loves setting up the tracks and pushing his trains around.Trackmaster Cranky was one of several playsets he received for his birthday. I have to admit, I knew I was stretching the age min recommendation, but he's an 'advanced' two-year old :)The biggest thrill for him with this (and the other motorized sets) was to hold the wheels of the motorized vehicles. Seems to be a recurring theme amongst his peer group too.He does enjoy Cranky itself, but he's not quite able to understand the 'first this then that' sequence of events required to get the maximum use out of Cranky. And forget having the crane out when there are other kids here his age.Cranky isn't tucked away, so my little guy does pull it out every now and again. I see this becoming increasingly popular in the next few months, but for now it's mainly train track set decoration.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.06617219746112823,0.0647723600268364,0.0651058629155159,0.06589245796203613,0.07281718403100967,0.06498099863529205,0.06607992947101593,0.07154975086450577,0.06956028938293457,0.06484176963567734,0.06816227734088898,0.0671864002943039,0.06275239586830139,0.06176610291004181,0.06836000829935074
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
"** Update:  After a having this for a couple of weeks, the switch on the blue crate started malfunctioning.  You cannot set it to stop any more.  Changing rating from 5 stars to 3, to reflect durability issue.  Not sure if it is covered by a warranty. ***This Cranky set is a lot of fun for my 3 year old.  We already had some TrackMaster trains and tracks, so this set expands our ability to build some cool scenarios.The set comes with a oval of track, along with a battery-powered fire truck and one truck that it pulls.  There is also a small brown magnetic crate which Cranky's hook will pick up and load into trains.A bigger blue crate is included with some pretty cool features:  Switching the ""Stop/Go"" switch on the blue crate causes the trains to stop inside of it, instead of just driving on through.  Once they've stopped, you can close the doors, and cranky can lift them up and take them for a ride.  Once he sets them down, it triggers a release which opens the doors and frees them to drive off of the cart.  The landing pad on the tracks is made such that it automatically aligns the blue crate to the tracks as you lower it.  There is also a yellow track with a plastic flame that the included fire truck can drive by and ""put out"" (he bumps it and it gets knocked over).All and all quite a fun set.My three year old was a little frustrated with the complexity of the toy at first, but once she watched me play with all the features, she figured it out quickly and needed little help playing with it.  She occasionally holds the remote upside down or needs help hooking the car and engine together.  For the most part she has played with it on her own.  She says ""I love Cranky"".Likes:- Cranky's voice is really cool (straight from the show), and *can be turned to silent mode*.  Wonderful.- Compatible with the other TrackMaster trains and tracks, which are pretty affordable and durable (well, for the price).- My three year old loves it.- Size:  Big but not too big.- Mechanics:  Fairly well thought out, the way the crate and the crane work.- Remote control: works pretty good.  The ""return to home"" button was easy to teach my 3 year old to help her get it aligned to pick up the crate.- Educational value:  It is teaching her some basic spatial reasoning and logic (she knows to switch the Go/Stop switch before the crate doors will close, she has to figure out the remote cause and effect.- Age range:  This set is probably fun from ages 3 to 10 or so.  I'm much older and actually got some fun out of it.Dislikes:- Takes 3 AAA and 5 AA batteries, not included.  We have a big stock of rechargables in these sizes so it works out fine for us, but make sure you have batteries ready for that excited kid.Other thoughts:- Assembly is pretty easy.  There are 4 phillips screws, and you have to orient things the right way or they won't fit together (look at the sides of the squares before mating the parts, they only align one way).Recommendation:  5 stars.  Very neat toy."
After reading the reviews I wasn't surprised that when I opened my box there was a sturdy fun looking toy. An it only got better when I set it all up for the kids to play with. Very easy common sense set up, just make sure you have batteries for all the necessary parts an your good to go. My boys love Thomas an his friends so now I can just get the extra pieces for them to play with an it's a toy they can have for awhile.Very recommended
"First off this set rocks mostly because Cranky is over 2 feet tall!  Then with a remote with easy-to-use controls you can't go wrong!  The set comes with cranky with snaps together (and does come apart again if you need it too for storage), Flynn the fire engine,We actually haven't had the chance to see Cranky is action because it does take a lot of batteries that I currently don't have ( 5 ""AA"" batteries - 1 for Flynn, 4 for Cranky and 3 ""AAA"" batteries for the remote control.)  I will say though the batteries will probably last awhile in this set since I can't see it using a lot of energy from the batteries.  Cranky will also auto shut off after 20 minutes to save batteries.  It comes with a full oval of track too, which is nice because some sets only come with a few pieces.  Flynn is battery operated which is the plus of trackmaster as it features motorized action.  I love too that Cranky will do a complete 360 so you are not limited to one area.It is a great set for train and construction fans - which is exactly what my boys are!  Use Cranky to move cargo or carry Flynn to the fire and once Flynn goes past the fire, it goes out.  My son is going to love being able to control Cranky, especially since he is so big!  This set can also be used with other Thomas & Friends TrackMaster sets and accessories.  We have actually never owned a Trackmaster set, so it is especially neat to see how this set is motorized and not only talks but has zooming trains!Overall, it is definitely a neat and unique set for any Thomas fan.  Perfect too if you are fans of the Day of Diesels movie recently released by Thomas & Friends since it features Cranky and Flynn saving the day!"
This is a really fun toy for the whole family. Everyone gathers around to watch Cranky in action. Its a great tool to teach your child hand eye coordination. They have to watch the crank while working the remote. They have to be patient and try different ways until they figure out how to get Cranky to work for them. The toy was easy to put together and stores well despite its large footprint when put together. The toy seems well constructed and hasnt shown any signs of wear even with a rowdy toddler playing with it. This will look great under a christmas tree and your kid will be so excited to play with this they wont even want to unwrap anything else!
My barely two-year old is a fan of trains. A HUGE fan. He loves setting up the tracks and pushing his trains around.Trackmaster Cranky was one of several playsets he received for his birthday. I have to admit, I knew I was stretching the age min recommendation, but he's an 'advanced' two-year old :)The biggest thrill for him with this (and the other motorized sets) was to hold the wheels of the motorized vehicles. Seems to be a recurring theme amongst his peer group too.He does enjoy Cranky itself, but he's not quite able to understand the 'first this then that' sequence of events required to get the maximum use out of Cranky. And forget having the crane out when there are other kids here his age.Cranky isn't tucked away, so my little guy does pull it out every now and again. I see this becoming increasingly popular in the next few months, but for now it's mainly train track set decoration.
"I'm glad to see the price is coming down a bit on this toy as I was planning to come here and let my review reflect the high price. I didn't feel that what you get in the box was worth the asking price, but as it's current price I consider this a fair buy.Our first reaction out of the box was WOW! Cranky is BIG! He is taller than any other Trackmaster set we have to date! My son was immediately engaged as Cranky started saying random things as he was playing. He doesn't have very many different phrases so this gets repetitive after a while but thankfully there is an ON switch and an ON without sound switch. Nice call! Everything was very easy to assemble and we were up and running within minutes. Cranky does full 360 turns and his magnetic hook picks up the many pieces we've acquired from other sets, much to my son's delight. We noticed that Cranky's hook did not quite line up with the loading area when he was placed on the little knobs on the track, but we just scooted him back a bit and he worked fine after that. Despite how simple it appears, my son had a lot of fun getting Flynn (and others) to stop inside the crate and dramatized the whole thing with a ""Whooooa!"" as the train was lifted from the track. He was happily talking back to Cranky whenever he spoke and spent several hours with the toy on his first day with it. He even insisted on bringing it to Grandma's house that night and continued the play there. The quality of the toy is good and much improved since the Trackmaster line was purchased by Fisher Price. Cranky is extremely sturdy. He was knocked over by dogs (and me!) a few times and is no worse for wear. One thing we quickly noticed, though, is that Cranky's crane doesn't actually move up and down. The line moves up and down and he rotates in a full circle, but the actually arm of the crane does not move. There is a breakaway clasp on the line for safety as the line is definitely long enough to get around a child's head. The fact that it comes with Flynn is also a nice bonus as the trains are typically $15 all on their own.Overall, you're going to have a hard time convincing your little Thomas fan that he/she doesn't need this toy. It adds a lot of life and realism to the layout and my son is loving it!"
"This crane was the highlight of my train-crazy 4-year-old son's Christmas.  Yes, it is very large as far as toys go -- no putting it up on a shelf or in a cabinet.  Yes, the ""life-size"" quality is part of the appeal for a kid.  My son loves using the remote, but the mechanics of actually picking up and moving an object are not as smooth as they could be.  The crane is a little temperamental.  Cranky the Crane talks about ""fluff"" and whatever other sayings he has, which crack my son up every time.  If you're getting into the Trackmaster set, this is a cool one because it comes with an oval track and some trains, too.  While not at all shocking, it is annoying how relentlessly this is marketed as a companion to a Thomas DVD.  My son has plenty of fun making up his own stories without acting out the ""official"" stories.  I'm surprised that Cranky doesn't say ""Buy my DVD"" (at least I don't think he does)."
"This is a fun and impressive toy with the ""wow"" factor for fans of Thomas and Friends. It's a big hit with my toddler and his cousin, who now wants to come over more often thanks to Cranky. Older children want to try it, too. Cranky takes a bit of skill to operate, but a three-year-old can handle it well enough to have fun. The crate is a little more complicated to figure out, and I've seen a smart three-year-old become frustrated. While this set includes the plastic Trackmaster track, we found that Flynn and other Trackmaster engines run fairly well on standard wooden tracks, or just the hard floor, which is nice.This now seems to be selling, both at Amazon and major toy stores, for about half of the ""list price"" (what it sold for before Christmas.) My guess is parents are more likely to feel satisfied if they paid in the lower range, and it seems a more appropriate price.Thanks to recommendations of other reviewers, I made sure we put Duracell batteries in from the start and we've had no issues.One safety concern we ran across was that the motorized wheels on Flynn caught our son's average length hair, twisting and pulling it. Thankfully I was nearby (though I didn't actually see it happen) and was able to turn off Flynn very quickly and untangle the hair relatively easily. While this alone was scary, I imagine it would have become painful and possibly pulled hair out with just a little more time. For me, this just means Trackmaster engines only come out while's he's supervised, as with most motorized toys."
"This is a fun set.  A bit big and not something that can be completely broken down for storage between playtime so probably not suitable for all living arrangements, but if you've got space, this is the perfect set to move into more than just trains.  Overall, Cranky and Flynn make a terrific toy for kids who can't get enough of their train sets.  The crane has great movement and was easy to set up.  Flynn is far more durable than expected -- he's gotten abused a bit since he's the first motorized train to be added to my grandson's Thomas collection. Cranky's voice is not too invasive and the remote control is very simple for kids to master.  If this is your first venture into the trackmaster line (it was mine) then I suggest you get some extra track at the same time so you can extend the time it takes for Flynn to return to the loading zone.  This gives little fingers time to hoist the crate up far enough for him to clear underneath on his second pass.  You'll need to get batteries for the crane, the remote, and for Flynn as well as a phillips head screwdriver to open things up and insert the batteries.  Battery life is pretty good, so far.  Everything has a separate switch to turn them off and my little one got right in the habit of doing so when he wasn't playing.  I've been buying him the wooden railway system since he was a year old and that is still his favorite for lots of imagination and versatility since he controls the speed and action.  My concern that the plastic trackmasters wouldn't hold up to a 2 yr. olds rough play hasn't proved out.  He had to see how the wheels are actually driven and turned the train on and held the wheels still several times until his curiosity was satisfied with no evident damage to the mechanism.  This trackmaster set makes for a great little addition to his ""trainland"" even though the two sets can't be connected together. We bought one more train and some extra track for the trackmaster and now he plays with both kinds next to each other."
Very cute Trackmaster toy. My boys can play for hours recreating the stories from the Island of Sodor. This is a great addition. It is tall toy and the boys love to use the remote to move the freight.
"My three children adore this new toy (ages two-and-a-half, four and five).  Even the two-year old has it all figured out, so don't worry that it might be too complicated for toddlers.  And the five-year old girl likes it, too, so don't worry that it's just for boys.The remote control can rotate Cranky 360 degrees clockwise or counter-clockwise, or with a single press it can return the head to the ""loading area"" directly above the track.  It also raises and lowers the hook.  Unfortunately, it cannot extend the boom.  To move the cargo crate outside the track area, the boom must be extended/lowered through a rather fiddley two-handed manual adjustment.  I don't think they miss it, but I'm pretty sure the kids couldn't do that, so I haven't tried showing them how; it's the one thing that seems above their level.The cargo crate for Flynn has a little switch on it that must be manipulated to make its bay doors stay shut. It auto-resets when the crate is lowered and Mommy and Daddy needed a minute to figure it out.  I was worried the kids would break it in frustration, but I needn't have.  Even the two-year-old knows exactly what to do, and no one had to show him.Although it's not as huge as the marketing photo makes it seem, it's bigger than any of our other TrackMaster things.  Specifically, the crane itself is 28"" high, at 3.5 pounds, and occupies just under one square foot of floor space.  It comes in several pieces that snap and screw together, and is not meant to be taken apart for stowage.  In other words, it's one of those toys you'll have to get used to seeing out on the floor because it won't fit on a shelf or in a cupboard.It's solidly constructed.  The kids haven't tried lifting anything other than Flynn, in these first few weeks, but when they do I'm not too worried about it.  It seems well-balanced, and doesn't fall down, and doesn't fall off the little alignment studs that keep it adjacent to the loading track.There is a little switch to turn off the many loud sounds, which makes grownups very happy.  Previous trackmaster toys have had to get little pieces of tape over their little speakers.Thankfully, the tracks that come with Cranky are the standard color and sizes.  Unlike the ""misty island"" sets, which have brown tracks instead of beige, and weird twists and flexes and lengths and radiuses that don't mesh with the normal stuff but come frustratingly, infuriatingly close.A word about batterie$$$: I like rechargeables because then I don't have to worry the kids about ""playing too much"" with their toys - when they run down, I just drop them in the charger for a day.  Plus they're better for the planet, cheaper in the long run, blah, blah, blah.  But what with Cranky's base, and remote, and his friend Flynn, this rig takes eight AA batteries, and who has that many spares in the drawer?  At about $2.50 apiece for Sanyo Eneloops, that adds $20 to the price, bringing the ""out the door"" total to $80.  There's no point pretending that isn't pretty steep for a toy.Bottom line, if you already have some of this Trackmaster stuff, Cranky makes a great addition, and if you don't Cranky would make a good start."
"First off, the directions aren't accurate.  It's not hard to put together, but the images don't match the accompanying instructions. If you're bothered by such, be prepared.  Also, this is a bit picky, but ""right"" on the remote is actually your right, not Cranky's.  So much for teaching kids about directions and remote operations.The toy, itself, doesn't have much going for it.  The truck goes around the track, can put out a fire, can be lifted in the cargo container.  The cargo container can automatically release the truck upon setting it on the track, which is exciting for a little person.  The thing is, you have to leave the truck switched 'On' for that to happen, which means a lot of wasted batteries, despite the 20 minute auto shut off.  Our three-year-olds were most interested in just working the remote.If you're into the Thomasverse I'm sure it's a must-have for your collection.  If you're on the fence about whether to get it for your little one, there are a ton of better ways to spend that $60.  It's not at all worth it."
"We spent a week in Cape Cod and my 3 1/2 year old watched Day of the Diesels several times over the week. So when we came home to find this Cranky and Flynn playset had arrived from Amazon, he was ecstatic. The DVD actually has the promo for this set on it.I LOVE...- Remote controlled Cranky! Huge (3/4 of the height of my son), smack-talking, 360 rotating, with dual action hook (picks things up with the hook or with the magnet in the hook). Plus he's very stable. When played with separately, my son has spent hours crashing Cranky around. His arm doesn't move while hoisting (though it can be raised or lowered), rather the hook lowers and raises on thick string. I gave this 4 stars as sometimes the hook doesn't lower correctly, with a little tug on the hook it unspools. (UPDATE: changing to 5 stars...the problem with the hook has gone away after a few weeks!)- The crate that Flynn is delivered in (blue) has some great options.  Put it on a length of straight track to be a trestle bridge. Move the button on the side and it stops Thomas in the crate. My son can then close the doors and lock him in and hook him onto Cranky. Note that if the crate is on the ground, the doors will stay open as there is a piece that depresses on the bottom to release the door lock.- Flynn! I listen to my son reenacting things from Day of the Diesels and then making up new adventures. He talks as he plays, saying things like, ""Flynn is a hero, he's going to put out the fire!"" and ""Put me down, creaky Cranky!"" My son plays with him by pushing or by turning him on (Flynn is motorized).- ""Sound off"" switch. Even moving the hook up and down makes noise unless you flip this switch. It is nice to quiet things down a bit.- Cranky auto shut off (shuts off after 20 mins of no use). There's a lot of batteries you have to use and I love any way that saves from having to recharge all the time.- The button that makes Cranky talk also resets Cranky to face the oval and puts his hook right over the loading area. You can cancel the reset by pushing a directional button.I was worried that the small round track would make him lose interest quickly, but it didn't. He leads Flynn + car round and round (mostly hand pushing the trains rather than turning them on). He brings Thomas and his car from the Zip, Zoom, and Logging Adventure set (from Misty Island Rescue, complete with zipline) to race with Flynn. He has Cranky ""capture"" Thomas and lift him up, then Flynn has to save him. Then he'll detach Cranky and take him upstairs or outside to find things that Cranky can hook and lift. He loves laying on my bed with Cranky and enacting Cranky crashing down (there is an old episode where Cranky isn't nice to the little engines, falls over in a storm, and they save him). He turns Flynn on and sends him chugging around the house (we've had move the couch and other furniture a time or three to save Flynn).I was also worried he wouldn't be able to figure out the controller. But he was a pro after only a few minutes!  see video)My son has tried several cranes and has been so disappointed. The Plan Toy wood crane's claw is too loose so it doesn't pick things up. The crane on his Mickey rescue vehicle deploys but doesn't hook on very well, and the claw from his Toy Story III playset is next to useless. Therefore I am thrilled that I have finally given him a crane that picks things up!"
I have to say this toy is way more cool, and way larger, than I expected it to be. I can see any child who loves trains being excited when opening this toy. The size of the box alone is impressive and it includes a fold-out flap with a life-size picture of the crane on it so it's very easy to see the toy even if they have to wait to have the toy put together.I haven't tried using this new train set with my existing GeoTrax but looking at the Thomas track it appears to be compatible with the GeoTrax track (and they're both made by Fisher Price so I would hope they'd make their trains compatible and interchangeable throughout their brand). Once I have it set up with my existing GeoTrax I'll update my review to let you know how everything works together but right now I'm super excited about this toy and think it would be a great gift for any girl or boy who loves trains.
I see that the other reviewers were parents.  I am a grandma.  Fischer Price was making good toys for children when my sons were small, though not as elaborate, and as far as I can tell, they still make good toys.  What better way to make a little boy who is a Thomas fanatic happy than to give him Cranky and Flynn Save the Day to add to his collection.  Usually when I bring him a Thomas toy, he already knows all about the characters and immediately starts explaining to me all about who they are and what they do.  Then he is ready for me to help him put it together right away.  This time was no different.  He already has many many Thomas toys and barrels full of tracks, but he always wants more.  Kids like him have to be a toymaker's dream.My grandson has been collecting Thomas toys for about three years now, and they have been able to endure the rather rough treatment he has given them without breaking, and even survived baby brother's blundering through and tearing things down.  One thing I like about them is that, for the most part, they do not frustrate a child by being too difficult to put together although there usually is a need for some adult assistance.  Sometimes he corrects me, the adult, and tells me I am putting it together wrong.  Although I don't think Thomas toys are educational per se, I think all the things that a child does in putting them together and operating them aid in building fine motor skills and hand-eye coordination.My only complaint about Thomas toys is that they become collector's items all too soon.  Often, by the time my grandson discovers a toy, it has already become a collector's item.  How do you explain to a four-year-old that he cannot have a $400.00 collector's item to play with?  Be that as it may, I don't think that will hurt the enduring popularity of Thomas toys.
