Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
"This is a great choice for gamers to play with their kids.  I just played this game with my young teen and my (very smart) first-grader, and my younger child absolutely loved it.  Figuring out the rules was a bit of a challenge, but we play a lot of games and there are many elements common to a variety of games, so it wasn't that bad.  For the record, we played the regular game, not the ""professional,"" more complicated version which involves pieces and board elements we did not use.  Perhaps that version would be better for teens and adults, but the regular version is great for kids.The verdict is that my younger child absolutely adored it.  He already plays Carcassone, Ticket to Ride, Witch's Brew, and similar games with us, and this game is about at the level of those.  One time playing the game was enough to teach him the rules, so it's not that complicated.  My teenager found the game too simplistic to hold his interest, and I know he will not be seeking opportunities to play this one.  For my part, I thought it was a winner because it didn't drag on and on, was very straightforward once I got the hang of it, and rewards strategic thinking without being a chore to plot out.  I will definitely be willing to play this one with my younger child.I know how helpful it can be to get the gist of a game before buying, so here is a quick and simplified idea of how the rules go.  I don't promise it's perfectly accurate, so please read the rules before playing!  But this will give an idea.  There are four rounds in the game.  At the beginning of each round everyone gets 9 cards and 20 coins.  Each action a player takes costs one card and some amount of money.  Actions can include getting more money, buying building materials,  building or improving tower(s), or getting a victory point.  A round ends when all 9 cards of every player are spent.  After each round, points earned by towers built are added to the cumulative score. Unused building materials and money carry over to the next round.  After the final round, points are added as usual, with some additional points given for unspent money and tallest-tower bonuses.Our first game, which included quite a bit of rules explanation to the little guy, still only took about an hour.  I'll bet when we get the hang of it, I can play a two-player game of this with him in about half an hour.  It moves pretty quickly.Really, the concepts here are so simple I do not know why the instructions are so obscure.  Maybe it is a translation issue.  Still, for experienced gamers, nothing to be too scared off by."

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.06468851119279861,0.06659255921840668,0.06769060343503952,0.06797853112220764,0.06447833776473999,0.06754045188426971,0.06471970677375793,0.06654666364192963,0.06608816236257553,0.06770024448633194,0.06613481789827347,0.0664336234331131,0.06689158827066422,0.0661926120519638,0.07032360136508942
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
"The basic concept of this game is that you're building towers, and at the end of the game will get points depending on how many you've built, and who has built the tallest of each color. There are other ways to get points too, and that's where the strategy comes in. There are also strategic decisions to be made in terms of when to visit the bank to get more money (to buy more parts to build more towers), when to bribe the officials to get a piece you desperately need, what color tower to build (some cost more to build than others), and so on. If it sounds complicated, well, it is at first. There is definitely a bit of a learning curve. That said, at the end of the first game with my 9 and 12 year old, we got it.In addition to being fun, there is an educational component, both in devising your winning strategy and in simple things like making change (when you buy tower parts) and calculating your score at the end of each ""year"". Obviously with younger children you can help them with these tasks.Overall I thought it was a good, engaging game for the all ages (although I wouldn't go younger than 8) and had fun playing it. Set up takes a while, in part because the board is in pieces. I'm tempted to tape it together permanently, but then I wouldn't be able to try the advanced level of game play, so I guess I'll leave it be. It also needs a fair amount of space to play on, but a card table will do.If you're looking for a fun and unique game for the family that involves a good amount of strategy, check this one out."
First, let me tell everyone that this game is by Ravensburger. Based in Germany they have put out some of the highest quality games over the last couple decades. Overall, you can't go wrong with a Ravensburger game.This is a tower building game and you work your way through the rounds adding to and modifying towers that are being built all over the place. The tower sections are flat game pieces so it's not like Manhattan where you actually build the towers up on the game board.The instructions are a little difficult to follow at first since they were translated from the original German. Once we played with the rule book in hand the game went smoothly.This game brought out the competitive side of my son and he liked the idea of being able to beat his dad at a game. In our case this game will have repetition value.
This was an easy game to learn, if your family is like mine and plays a lot of Euros.  Once the players get the hang of maximizing the efficiency of their actions and calculating the amount of funds needed, this quickly turns into a fierce competition for limited building resources and building opportunities.  Like most Euros, there is no one guaranteed strategy for success, which guarantees variety of play.This definitely falls into the category of a family game.  There is some depth to be found here, but hardcore gamers would certainly tire of this quickly.  Kids will enjoy putting together the towers, although in our first game, my daughter's single-minded quest to build the highest tower using the (most expensive) white components left her well short in prestige points when all was said and done.Good first game for non-Euro players?  Probably not.  For me, it seems like a slightly less fiddly version ofZ Man Games The Golden City, while my wife said the necessary timing of acquiring materials reminded her a bit ofMerkator.  Personally, I don't see too much of a similarity, but whatever.  My daughter (almost 9 now), when asked for her opinion, said she enjoyed it but prefers games such asNew World: A Carcassonne,Stone Age, andTobago, and of course she still has a soft spot for the games of her younger days such asRat-A-Tat Cat Collectible TinandSleeping Queens.  However, she was happy to play it again.Probably not the best choice for those who consider Monopoly to be the standard for board games, but if you can get your head around mechanics which don't involve endless rolling of the dice, you and yours may find this to be a welcome change of pace.
"We are a gaming family. I was excited to see Asara From Ravensburger (the makers of Labyrinth)and give it a try. As you have probably already read in other reviews, the directions are a bit over-done. They could have made less-wordy directions, because in actuality, the game is a straightforward one.We played our first game with direction booklet in hand. When playing our second game a few days later, we found we easily could remember how to play. We played a two-player game, which lasted about an hour. I'm sure it would be slightly longer with more players. This gameplay reminded us of a mix of St. Petersburg and Ticket to Ride.The board and cards are beautifully done, with great artwork as well as quality. The tower parts result in a lot of little loose pieces, so be sure to keep them in separate baggies for ease of set-up.The chance part of the game is in the shuffle of the buyer cards and tower pieces. You are forced to work with what is dealt to you, and this in turn will determine your angle of strategy. The first game we played (which I won), I built a lot of towers with gold pieces on them. This enabled me to acrue points during the game as well as have more points in the end for the most towers. I think being able to inch along after each round (there are four in all) enabled me to get a big enough lead.The second game was much closer. My husband only won by two points. We had roughly the same amount of towers, but we each had a giant one in a different color. During the last two rounds of that game, I was dealt a terrible hand of buyer cards, which effected my ability to do what I originally planned.All in all, it is a great ""quicker"" strategy game when you don't have as much time as some other games need to be played. Each game seems to be different, which makes things interesting.Once you get past the directions, you will enjoy this game a lot."
We played Asara for the first time this week with two other adult friends that are also die-hard board gamers.From the looks of it, Asara has tons of pieces and we all expected it to be somewhere in the ballpark of Small World or Puerto Rico, semi-complex games with tons of rules and subtleties.  Asara is actually a fairly straightforward family game with a solid mix of easy-to-grasp strategy elements.  The goal is to build as many towers as possible, and to build them as tall as possible.  Gold (Asari) is in demand, but is never all that difficult to get, and you always have a move available that will benefit you in some form.  The game also limits the amount of time invested as you only play four 'turns'.  There are four short rounds of building, and then you score your progress and the game is over!  The very first time we played it, we were done in about an hour.The actual game pieces are very high quality cardboard, and the game board is large, but fits together like a puzzle so you're not bumping pieces out of alignment constantly (I'm looking at you, old school Settlers of Catan...).  The rules were very easy to understand, and different ideas about strategies were easy to decipher even early on in the game.  The game is recommended for ages 9-99, and I would say that is accurate.  Nine year olds can grasp the concept of building a tower, and making color-coded moves to achieve their goals.Don't let the massive amount of pieces throw you off, Asara is well-designed and a lot of fun.  More pieces = bigger towers!
"I played this game for the first time with some friends last weekend. We were all new to the game. Unlike some games, this one only has a few pages of rules to go through, so it's pretty easy for a group of new players to get into it. After the game was over, we all thought it was an interesting game. We each had some ideas about things we would have done differently if we could start over from the beginning.A couple of strategic tips that weren't immediately obvious from reading the rules the first time:1) Buy and play as many of the gold-decorated building pieces as you can, as early in the game as you can. Once these have been installed in a tower, they each earn you one point at the end of each year.2) None of the top pieces have gold decorations except for the white ones, which all do. For the other three tower section types, there is one gold-decorated piece per section type per color.3) Until the final evaluation at the end of the game, there seems to be little advantage to having the expensive-colored towers instead of the cheap-colored ones. It might therefore be advantageous to buy and play the cheaper tower sections first to reduce the need for wasting a turn on getting extra funds earlier in the game.I am looking forward to my next chance to play this game and try to do some things differently, which is a good sign as far as replayability is concerned. Also aiding this game's replay value is the inclusion of a ""professional"" rules set that you can try to bring some new twists into the game once you've gotten the hang of the basic rules. I have not yet played with the professional rules, but they look like they do bring some simple yet radical changes to the way the game works."
As a family that enjoys regularly playingThe Settlers of Catan,Ticket To Ride,San Juan, andBohnanza.  We should have been the perfect target audience, but unfortunately, we were very disappointed.  If you don't typically play the Euro-type strategy games and are looking for a family game, this is too complicated and not the place to start.  If you do regularly play the Euro-type strategy games, there are far better ones out there.One common complaint about this game is the directions.  The directions are written in a multitude of languages, and it's clear that the English version was not prepared by a skilled native English speaker.  There were places in which the intent of the rule was unclear, and it had to be read multiple times.But, our bigger issue with this game is that it is needlessly complex.  There are a lot of rules and regulations that seemed to exist more for the purpose of jumping through those hoops than anything more meaningful, and there are also a multitude of little pieces to keep track of and set up for each 4-year round of the game.  One of the things we love about San Juan or Bohnanza or Ticket to Ride is that the games are very elegant, without wasted parts or unnecessary rules.  It makes the games easier to catch onto, and more enjoyable to play in the long run.  Asara is much more bloated than that.We also found it difficult to gauge who was winning.  There were just too many ways of earning points, for the highest and second-highest tower of each color (different points for each type), for special decorations, for money, etc.  You could pick your strategy and go for it, but it was really hard to actually tell what progress you were making since almost all points were in relation to someone else (2nd highest black tower equals points and 3rd highest equals no points).My husband, 10.5 yo son, and I would all rather play any of the games we listed above--as well as many other non-Euro games--before we would play this one.  We would never take Asara out of the closet.  It's not that we absolutely hate the game, but there are just so many more better options.  My 8.5 yo daughter does enjoy Asara greatly, however, so we will probably pull it out occasionally.  I'm hoping though that after the novelty wears off, and we get another new game or two, that she'll lose interest and we can pitch the game.
"We haven't played a game like this for a long time so it took a little while to get into it.  It took a bit longer to figure out the rules and sometimes became a challenge. We played the regular game rather than the ""professional"" because we wanted to focus on learning about it first.  A few more games and we will be ready to move up.Once we understood the game, it became fun and moved along quickly. I can see it would be a fun game to play as a family of young children.  It is simple enough to encourage a 6-year old to enjoy it but I do suggest an adult fully understand the rules before attempting to teach a youngster."
If you are already comfortable with the mechanics of a variety of Eurogames, you'll enjoy this game quite a bit.  The instructions are simple and the game is fairly quick with 2 players.  It relies primarily on strategy and thinking ahead toward the end of the end of the game but the nice theme kept the actual gameplay fun.If you are new to Eurogames or haven't played anything beyond Monopoly, Life, etc, this will be a stretch for you.  I'd recommend going with something more like Carcassone, Ticket to Ride, or Settlers of Catan to learn some basic mechanics before taking on a more complicated game like this.
Asara has great game play. We're familiar with this style of game because we are huge fans of Carcassone, Ticket to Ride, and Dominion.If you're comfortable with Carcassone, Ticket to Ride, or Dominion Asara should be simple to learn. If you haven't played these style of games you may have a steeper learning curve.Unlike some games that take hours Asara is fairly quick if you play a 2 player game.
"At first, Asara looks pretty intimidating with several sections of board that creates an octagonal playing field.  Then there are pieces of different shapes and sizes.  And, as if that weren't enough, there is the game and then there's the ""professional"" game.Let me confess now that we have not yet played the professional game.Asara is probably more complicated to set up than it is to actually play.  The designers have created a cheat sheet to help with the game set-up.  Once you've worked your way through that, the rest of the rules are fairly straight forward.  The goal is to build a towers.  You can build towers of different colors, and size does matter.  At the end of the game, the tallest and second tallest towers of each color earns bonus points.  But the more towers you have, the better.  And some tower colors are worth more points than others.So there is strategy involved--build many smaller towers, a few very tall towers, or what have you.  And there is some luck involved as well because you never know what color tower pieces will be easiest to pick up which depends on what buyers have been played and are in your hand.Sound complicated?  Okay.  It is a little confusing but we went ahead and played the game, following the rules as we understood them.  The next day a quick reread of the rules revealed that we'd been doing a few things incorrectly.  Oops.  But even playing the game incorrectly, we were having fun because there really is just enough strategy and just enough luck to keep the game from being too predictable.We're already planning our next game night so we can give this game again--that's how much we enjoyed ourselves.  Who knows?  Maybe if we play it and actually follow the rules we'll like it even more.  I'll be back to update my review with our second thoughts once we've had a chance to play it some more.  And definitely, when we play it at the professional level, you can be sure I'll share our thoughts on that variation as well.  I'm really looking forward to it."
This game doesn't seem to know its genre.  Like a film that can't decide if it's a comedy or a drama, this game moves like many of the Euro games, yet isn't terribly complex as many in that category. Still, it's more complex than a casual family game, methinks. Hardcore gamers will find it too light, even though it's intended for a wide range of age groups, while those used to fluffier games will find it too involved. The rules are a bit vague, though if you're familiar with the game style, you can work it out pretty well.It may be fun a few times, but I don't see this one having longevity in our regular game rotation. I don't recommend it.
We've purchased many of the European games in the past and I was eager to give Asura a try.  Hallmarks of the Euro games are beautiful illustrations, quality game pieces, and games that are different and challenging (and not insulting the intelligence of the children or the parents).The strategy is simple but multifaceted: you have 4 years to wheel to acquire and manage your resources to build as many (and as tall) towers as you can.  Points are awarded for size, amount, and quality (color) of the tower pieces.Plan to invest a bit of time in the beginning to get the game down.  It does seem complicated (lots of pieces, lots of directions) but once you get to playing, it all makes sense.  My 9 year old had no problem learning it at all.An added bonus is that there are different rules - so the game can be played different ways. You can play it as casual gamers/family night or you can play with friends for a competitive game night.In all, a beautiful game with interesting game play and a lot of versatility.
"Asara was a nominee for German game of the year (the SDJ) for a reason.  It is not because it's a great game for serious gamers.  (If you're a serious gamer you know that you are one, if you don't know what that means then you aren't).The SDJ awards are NOT about most complex games or even games that serious gamers will love or even like for that matter.  The awards are to make regular non-gaming families more aware of what's out there and to expand the hobby of board gaming.If you are a serious gamer then Asara is not for you.  (The reviewers bashing this for not being for them aren't being fair to the game.)Ravensburger is so intent on making it clear that this game is for families that they literally changed the title here on Amazon.  The title is just Asara.  There is no ""family"" in the actual game title.The problem comes down to the instructions.  For non-serious gamers they are problematic as clearly shown by many reviews.  However, this is typical of many Euro games such as this.  As someone trained in writing I can say with absolute confidence that in fact the majority of instructions for these type of games are horribly written for lay readers.  Asara is simply one of many.  So if you're a family gamer, don't let the badly written instructions confuse you.  Visit the boardgamegeek site and you'll find many reviews that explain the basic rules.  And the rules actuall are pretty basic.Asara is a worker placement game.  Your ""workers"" are your cards.  Place your workers/cards in the various sections to claim whatever that section offers.  You must follow suit if someone has placed a card before you.  If you can't follow suit then place two cards down.  There are spots for tower pieces, the bank (where you get money), a spot to claim first player slot, and a spot to ""cheat"" and look through and select tower pieces that haven't yet been made available on the board.Asara is a simple version of the worker placement genre.  Stone Age, a really great game, has more going on and harder to learn.  If you already play Stone Age then this one is probably a step backwards.  But then, Asara is for people who haven't even heard of games like Stone Age.  It's mostly for non-serious gamers.So the question is, is Asara a good family game?  Yes . . . but with one caveat.  The included instructions make it look as if this game is more complicated than it is.  Don't judge the game by the badly written rules.  If you do then you'll be losing out on literally hundreds of games because so many of them have worse written rules than Asara.For me, Asara was a bit boring.  But I'm a serious gamer.  If you're not heavily into board gaming, check this one out if it's already caught your eye.  Keep in mind, however, that Asara is only for ten and up.  So if you have younger kids pass this one by."
"This is a great choice for gamers to play with their kids.  I just played this game with my young teen and my (very smart) first-grader, and my younger child absolutely loved it.  Figuring out the rules was a bit of a challenge, but we play a lot of games and there are many elements common to a variety of games, so it wasn't that bad.  For the record, we played the regular game, not the ""professional,"" more complicated version which involves pieces and board elements we did not use.  Perhaps that version would be better for teens and adults, but the regular version is great for kids.The verdict is that my younger child absolutely adored it.  He already plays Carcassone, Ticket to Ride, Witch's Brew, and similar games with us, and this game is about at the level of those.  One time playing the game was enough to teach him the rules, so it's not that complicated.  My teenager found the game too simplistic to hold his interest, and I know he will not be seeking opportunities to play this one.  For my part, I thought it was a winner because it didn't drag on and on, was very straightforward once I got the hang of it, and rewards strategic thinking without being a chore to plot out.  I will definitely be willing to play this one with my younger child.I know how helpful it can be to get the gist of a game before buying, so here is a quick and simplified idea of how the rules go.  I don't promise it's perfectly accurate, so please read the rules before playing!  But this will give an idea.  There are four rounds in the game.  At the beginning of each round everyone gets 9 cards and 20 coins.  Each action a player takes costs one card and some amount of money.  Actions can include getting more money, buying building materials,  building or improving tower(s), or getting a victory point.  A round ends when all 9 cards of every player are spent.  After each round, points earned by towers built are added to the cumulative score. Unused building materials and money carry over to the next round.  After the final round, points are added as usual, with some additional points given for unspent money and tallest-tower bonuses.Our first game, which included quite a bit of rules explanation to the little guy, still only took about an hour.  I'll bet when we get the hang of it, I can play a two-player game of this with him in about half an hour.  It moves pretty quickly.Really, the concepts here are so simple I do not know why the instructions are so obscure.  Maybe it is a translation issue.  Still, for experienced gamers, nothing to be too scared off by."
