Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
Overall, we really like the Juno Baby CDs. The music is incredibly enjoyable and uplifting. Our 17-month-old boy was immediately drawn into the voices and the fun rhythms. He's not yet old enough to enjoy singing along by himself with theJuno Baby -- Orchestral Edition, but he LOVES theJuno Baby Sing Along Edition. The composers definitely have a clear understanding of children's development and the themes of the songs are very relevant for kids. It remains to be seen if he enjoys this Edition as he grows older. For those with younger children the other Edition is highly recommended as an addition to your Sesame Street CDs

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.02979225479066372,0.03169450908899307,0.02939227968454361,0.02935875579714775,0.0296489167958498,0.029370589181780815,0.03054838441312313,0.030239058658480644,0.03235002979636192,0.029902206733822823,0.029759999364614487,0.029834609478712082,0.03089267760515213,0.02792258746922016,0.02998390980064869,0.030311858281493187,0.02988886833190918,0.029629766941070557,0.032317567616701126,0.02994072623550892,0.028717322275042534,0.029751883819699287,0.03105749934911728,0.02971544675529003,0.030348004773259163,0.03256452456116676,0.029869426041841507,0.03105514496564865,0.03192989528179169,0.03046191856265068,0.03024480864405632,0.031413525342941284,0.03009110316634178
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
I was kind of surprised at the positive reviews. I found the sound quality to be really poor. The music might have seemed better if the sound quality was better; but I was really disappointed in the music. It's not something I'd buy again and I think there are a lot better choices out there.
This CD is a good entry among the many baby Einstein and other classical and musical pieces for children. What many people forget though, there is nothing wrong with actually playing classical music for children - the real thing. We often play Mozart and Beethoven during our childrens playtime. The music is not worse than Baby Einstein, or better, it is simply a different and valuable addition. It is certainly worth checking out.
Again, I have the quandary for how I'm supposed to approach this review.  Should I review it for the baby or for the adult?  Because again the baby will probably enjoy it because the baby is a baby and has no sense of taste.  For the adult I'm not sure how you could really enjoy something like this.  Maybe it's less grating on your nerves than elevator music, but I'd rather listen to some Decemberists or REM or Josh Joplin.  But that's just me.That is all.
"Any adult who has listened to a cross section of ""music for young children"" knows there are some songs that will drive you nuts if you hear them too many times.  Sadly, those tend to be the songs some young children like to hear... over, and over, and over, and over again.For us, these tunes are a nice middle ground.  Our two... let's say three year old is happy hearing these play in the car and we don't mind either.  Actually, they're kind of nice.  If they work for your child then it's certainly better than many of the alternatives.OK, all at once now, what was the name of the farmer's dog?"
What a great gift for young children. Juno Baby brand was created in 2006 for children ages 1-5. It has educational element and encourage music appreciation. All the music is orginal and performed by a live orchestra. A great gift for the holidays. When my children were younger we always tryed to encourage all types of music enjoyment. I feel that this is nice addition...
The only Juno Baby DVD we have isIndie's Great Teddy Bear Hunt. On its own, the music in nice but not something Alyssa will get excited about. The only songs she really likes are the ones she knows from the DVD she loves. She sings along and likes them, which wouldn't be so bad if I didn't have to forward through the songs that aren't on the DVD she has. Overall, if your Child is a fan of the Juno Baby series, they will likely like this DVD.
"We love the Juno DVDs so much, and what separates them from other kid shows is the awesome music. So we were so excited for this CD. They do such a nice job with their psuedo-classical and orchestral sounds ranging from symphony sounds to ""Im a little beanstalk short and stout"" kinds of melodies. Its fun, soothing and fun to listen to. Its just pure lovely, and lively music and my child and I both enjoy it very much. For car trips? The best."
with very lush orchestration, the gifted composer here creates children's music which is actually goodhigh quality music, for children, is it supposed to be HAPPY?sorryI was raised on the bluesand Irish singingnot happyLouis Armstronga blastthis is lush, well orchestrated nice musicMaybe I cannot bear it, but your children will grow some bones on itand in a good wayTalk aboutThe Mozart Effect Music for Children, Volume 1: Tune Up Your MindWE have this here, tooand with a real orchestra, not just some cheesy synthesizer which is SUPPOSED to sound like real unelectrified instruments.we have the real thing here, and a gifted composer and orchestrator pulling it all togetherleave this running in the background and watch the effectswell recommendedand of reach one purchased I believe one goes out to a child in needof this we are all in needand my inner child tooraised on blues and keening.
"If you haven't met six-year-old Juno and Rai Rai, her two-year-old brother, and you decide to buy this sing along CD you might be a little disappointed.  I'd recommend you just back away and go check out the many DVD selections that feature the siblings as they make their way through Harmonia Springs.  In a nutshell, this series can easily rival or compliment the ""Baby Einstein Classical Music Collection,"" but I'd say it will be loads of fun for your preschooler.  ""Welcome to Harmonia Springs"" is a simply marvelous compendium of songs from the DVDs ""One Bunny Band,"" The Day the Music Stopped"" and Friends Make a Symphony,"" performed by the live Juno Orchestra.This series of DVDs and sing along CDs was specifically designed by scientists and music educators to enable the parent or caretaker to introduce music concepts to children 12 months and older.  Belinda Takahashi, Ph.D. composed the music in this CD.  If you've already introduced the series to your child or children you're simply going to feel the WOW factor these songs give off.  The series was also designed to give children a ""lifelong love of music"" that will keep on growing long after they've forgotten about Juno and Rai Rai.THE MUSIC:1. Juno's Theme - Grand Opening2. Hello to all of My Friends3. Tweet4. The Race5. It's Your Heart That Sings6. The Sound of a Train7. Instrument Song8. Harmony9. Indie's Lament10.  Juno's Lullaby11.  Friends Make a Symphony12.  Goodnight Juno13.  Juno's Theme - FinaleMany parents and caretakers may not be aware that this marvelous series is an Emmy Award-winning one, something that should be taken into consideration when you're thinking about purchasing.  If you want to know a bit more about Juno, simply head on over to their website and preview some of the material.  I think you'll like what you see.  Better yet, have your preschooler take a look right along with you.  Every youngster shares the ""common language of music,"" and this is one Juno Jr. CD they're going to love to sing along with!"
I got this for my 18 month old grandson to watch while he is at my house. He seemed to like it for a little while, but he got tired of it fast. He is a big fan of Sesame Street, so I think I will wait until he gets tired of watching Sesame Street, and I will try this one on him again.
This is a CD which is just music and no words. When you have a really young child I quote like this because you are not left singing some annoying kids song that drives you mad. Also to entertain my daughter I often make up songs about what I am doing so this provided the tune and I provide the words.
I was excited to have a chance to try out this CD of little kids' songs, but both my kids and I were disappointed by the quality of the music.  The songs don't sound good and the mix sounds rather amateurish.  None of the songs grabbed my kids' attention for more than a few seconds, and they have refused to listen to any of the songs again.  Very disappointing product.
First of all, I want to mention that neither me or my child had watched any of Juno DVDs, so this is a review on the cd only.First, we ordered the sing-along edition of the cd, and I really didn't care for lyrics and voices on it, but liked the music. My baby did like to listen to the cd, and asked for more, so I decided to give it another try and ordered this orchestral edition of Juno Baby. I am glad I did. it is much better.I was worried that the music without voice would be too boring to listen, but I was pleasantly surprised to find that it is not boring at all. Each piece has a distinctive character, you could hear many of the instruments while they take turns presenting the melody. it is fun to listen, and it is much less annoying to listen ten hundred times in a single day then an average children's music. It is not Mozart, although the author clams to be a classical composer, but it is still very good.And my baby seems to like it. He is too little to actually tell me which version he prefers, but he asks for this cd a lot, too.
I'm not quite sure what this CD/booklet gives my children, but I am sure that it needs to be part of a larger curriculum. By itself, the CD is basically just some well orchestrated kiddie music, although my son did take an interest in which character's picture corresponded to which voice. Maybe if I were running a kindergarten and needed to build an afternoon's lesson around musical concepts this would be helpful. But I'm not.The music itself is professionally done, and reminds me of a Disney soundtrack minus the hit tracks.  The booklet is a bit hard to sing along to, as I think some of the tracks are in the wrong order. So, in general, I couldn't recommend it to a person like myself.
According to Wikipedia, the multi-award winning Juno series is now defunct. It's a pretty crowded marketplace and even the best products can get lost in the shuffle.This should not have been one of them. Fortunately, the music and DVDs are generally available and they're wonderfully produced with full orchestrations and excellent performances.This particular album contains a variety of songs from the videos performed by a fine cast. This album contains all original songs created for the series.Great music should be passed along to kids, and this is a way to introduce little ones to the elements of music.
We're new fans of the juno baby line of DVD's, both my 9 month old and my almost 7yr old think the are cute and we love to sing along and dance to the music on them. I thought this cd would be great for the car (we don't have a dvd player as I think talking or listening to music is far better then watching movies 24/7). Sadly though it didn't live up to the expectations I had for it. To be honest the characters voices on the DVD are fairly annoying however the cute story lines and catchy songs/images make up for it... with the cd all I was left with was the annoying voices. The songs really didn't do anything for us either or make us want to sing along. We'll stick with the dvd's and skip the cds.
"Let's be honest, a lot of children's music can be pretty freaking obnoxious and by the time you have listened to it the 100th time you are ready to lose it....this breaks that unfortunate mold.  This is entertaining and is lovely ""white noise"" to have going in the background.  Admittedly, this isn't quite as exciting as some of the other children's music and won't keep toddlers attention as long but as it plays you will see your kid's feet tapping right along."
If your child knows the Juno Baby DVDs this orchestral cd will offer non-annoying music your child will like, correlating them to the fun songs on the DVDs. This is an instrumental cd that your child will probably only like if he/she knows the other songs behind them. Pretty cool idea that your young child could enjoy instrumental orchestral music. I don't think this will be any kid's favorite cd in the collection, but it is enjoyable to both child and parent. So if your child like Juno and knows the songs, give this a try.
This was my first experience with a Juno CD as well as the series. If you happen to see the Juno DVD you can enjoy the music even more on how it is arranged. I'f you haven't I'd definately recommend it; it puts a whole new understanding to the music you hear. The CD is nicely done and sharp. Its clear and Juno music has an uplifting tune to it. It seems soothing to the baby, yet appeals to our older kids also. With the older ones, you can have them imagine whats going on in relation to the music, they come up with great stories and gets their mind working even more!After having friends listen to the tracks I've noticed its appealing to most but not all. Some absolutely love it, while others hate it and their kids have no intersted and it annoys them. This CD happened to be the least favorite of all of the Juno ones.It's beautiful music, I only wish the CD's were longer. They are only 30 minutes and quite short for 10 bucks. It's also a difficult case to get in to- for that reason I tansfered the songs off the disk onto the computers and system in the house.
"This is a really great CD, with both fun and calm music that is interesting for my little guy to listen to.  It's somewhat similar to the music in the background of a Baby Einstein video, but I think better.There were some interesting asymmetric sounds that the composer did with the stereo that we wish she had done more of, and there's definitely a lot of ""instruments"" to make sounds that kept my little guy's attention.I don't know if it will make him any smarter, but it's definitely enjoyable!!!"
Fans of Juno will recognize quite a few of these songs, and this orchestral edition does them justice.  Particular favorites include Rhythm is Everywhere, Broccoli, I'll Cut My Hair, and Cool Cat. If you've never watched Juno, the song titles won't make a lot of sense - but that shouldn't harm your (or your kids') enjoyment of the music. Broccoli and Rhythm is Everywhere are particularly catchy...although the Broccoli song seems to do the exact opposite of its intent by becoming a rallying cry NOT to taste broccoli. That said, it's a very different thing to hear these songs than see them on screen. Much of Juno's charm is puppetry and CGI, and although my son loves the DVDs he has no interest in the CDs.
I gave this to my younger brother, who had a baby very recently. Their son was probably too young for this, but I figured that it would hurt.They played the CD, the kid didn't react either way with it much. Keep in mind that my nephew is pretty calm anyway, so perhaps this would have a bigger effect on kids that need a lot of stimulus.Overall, the music wasn't intrusive, and wasn't little kiddie (which can grate on parents after a while), so it's fine for its intended use.
The Juno Baby-Orchestral Edition CD is very soothing and pleasant to listen to. Small Children will love this CD along with others in th series. This CD will provide soothing sounds for active chilren. Great to use for long car rides. Great product.
"I have to disagree with all those parents who rated this CD as mediocre and/or boring. My 4 year old son is a music lover, and he's a big fan of musical instruments, and he simply adored this CD! The melody and rhythm of each song is cute and catchy. My son often asked me what the title of the songs were because he enjoyed listening to them (some more than others, however). Although I wouldn't compare the entire CD to the Beatles ""Yellow Submarine"", I would link the musical style to the song ""Pepperland"" from that [Yellow Submarine] album. The songs just have this imaginative draw which make my child happy and thoughtful. This CD includes beautiful music for all babies and toddler. The only drawback is the CD cover. I would have preferred the cover to come in a protective case; the cover was torn in no time."
There is nothing wrong with this CD, but there is nothing that amazing about it either.  The cover of the CD implies that your baby will find the music fun and inspire active play.  My one year old LOVES bouncing, dancing and bopping to music, but she wasn't really interested in this; she just played as usual and pretty much ignored it.  When I switched to Aretha Franklin's RESPECT, my lil girl dropped her toy and pulled herself up on the side of the coffee table to shake her tiny booty with one hand in the air -- her huge grin stayed on even after she had tired and went back to playing.This CD is fine as background music to a play-date or maybe to rock into a nap, but it is not going to inspire much action.  I think this will be great for quiet time.I know it is an intro to classical music and not dance music, but the cover looks very bouncy and this is just an FYI that some kids may not think so.  To be fair, when I was young my father played classical music all the time and I did not like it, but when I grew up I developed an appreciation for it and now enjoy it very much, so maybe it runs in the family :)
Overall, we really like the Juno Baby CDs. The music is incredibly enjoyable and uplifting. Our 17-month-old boy was immediately drawn into the voices and the fun rhythms. He's not yet old enough to enjoy singing along by himself with theJuno Baby -- Orchestral Edition, but he LOVES theJuno Baby Sing Along Edition. The composers definitely have a clear understanding of children's development and the themes of the songs are very relevant for kids. It remains to be seen if he enjoys this Edition as he grows older. For those with younger children the other Edition is highly recommended as an addition to your Sesame Street CDs
Great CD with excellent production.  The people who made this are topnotch award-winners in their respective fields.  These are soundtracks from 3 Juno Baby DVDs. The music are very original, from the lively, catchy tunes to soothing gentle lullabyes.  Lyrics for all 14 tracks are included in a small booklet to sing-a-long.Somewhat similar to Disney's Baby Einstein.Juno baby also donates part of the sale to children in need.
This CD is beautiful - perfect for some quiet, music time.  It really does help if you are familiar with the Juno Baby line of DVDs (makes you appreciate it that much more), but even if you are not, this is original, orchestrated music - something you will really enjoy for your young ones.  My kids love sleeping to this!
If you're not a fan of Juno Baby and the DVDs or at the very least familiar with them then this is just a basic CD of simple and original classical music for kids. Nothing great but nothing bad either. If you're familiar with the Juno from the DVDs then you'll be able to relate to the pieces and their titles but I felt that the charm and attraction of Juno was completely lost without the visual components.
If your child is really into Juno then he or she will probably really like it.  My son got excited with a couple of the songs, but the rest didn't interest him.  You are bound to recognize the songs from the show if you ever watched it.  Overall, this is an ok kid's album, but my son didn't get too into it.
This is an excellent introduction the Juno children's library as well as a wonderful Orchestral music collection that your baby and toddler will love.  The Juno Baby CD was created by Belinda Takahashi Ph D. and is full of joyful and soothing unique melodies. I leave it playing in the background when my baby is in his crib and he seems to stay relaxed for longer and when it is finished he will start to become more restless so the music certainly has a positive calming effect.  I would highly recommend this CD.
"We already haveJuno Baby Sing Along Edition(which is listed in ""toys"" and not ""music""...weird); I tried playing this CD in the car, but I would not reocmmend playing the intrumental version while you are driving -- it's too relaxing.Instead, I played this on my son's CD player while he was building things with his legos, etc. It proved too distracting to be background music while he did his school work, but that's a compliment! He really enjoys listening to this music series.I think this CD would be better for the little ones that aren't walking or talking yet, and the Sing Along Version for toddlers thru 5 yrs -- maybe older, depending on your child's musical tastes."
I like to play piano for the kids- usually a little Chopin, Rachmaninov or Beethoven- but I also mix in a little less heavy fare into their diet as well. Juno Baby is a nice little addition to sit next to the cd player. I don't find the songs that catchy but my kids have started making up their own words to the tunes even when the music is off. 7 year old DD is perhaps the least impressed but the youngest - 2 year old son - is quite happy.It is nice that the producers are donating towards children in need, too.Try it, you may like it.
