Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
At first this seemed like it was going to become a favorite.  But after a short time we found that the questions were either just too hard or too easy.  There was no in between really.  The game is rated for 12 and up but I wouldn't recommend that you play this game with anyone below the age of 18.  A couple of the questions are too risque.  Not only that, but many of the questions couldn't be answered by the younger crowd.  They were just too hard.  I think that this game would make an okay drinking party game when there are a few men and women to take up sides.  Otherwise though, save your money and buy something else.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.04320821911096573,0.052459731698036194,0.04660077020525932,0.04726133123040199,0.047285743057727814,0.04753464087843895,0.0486452579498291,0.04696677625179291,0.04525422304868698,0.047571033239364624,0.047183409333229065,0.047518979758024216,0.04778735339641571,0.04968668147921562,0.051181018352508545,0.04886522516608238,0.047275420278310776,0.04388945549726486,0.04548027366399765,0.04817702993750572,0.05016743019223213
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
"This board game has a simple premise - guys ask gals ""guy questions"" that they have to get right to advance, and vice versa. The questions are ok, but aren't very balanced. Some are ridiculously hard, some are way too easy. While the game is rated for 12 and up, many of the questions are beyond a preteen maturity level. The worst part about this game is that its unnecessarily confusing. The game includes wild cards that differ for each gender, the ability to capture prisoners, multiple game pieces on the board (but you only move one at a time), and a limit of three moves per turn not counting any interruptions from a wild card of your own gender . . . huh?Pros:* The cards/questions are decent. Could be entertaining with a large group of people to just tally your own score with pencil and paper.Cons:* Instructions are very confusing and make the game worse* Board is unnecessary, detracts from the game* Wild cards are an add on that makes no sense* No storage place for the cards (4 decks you have to keep separated)* Not fun without a large groupAll in all, this is an ok game for large groups of people of opposite gender, just don't expect to get anything out of the board or the wild cards. Take turns quizzing each other on ""opposite sex trivia"" and it will entertain for awhile."
At first this seemed like it was going to become a favorite.  But after a short time we found that the questions were either just too hard or too easy.  There was no in between really.  The game is rated for 12 and up but I wouldn't recommend that you play this game with anyone below the age of 18.  A couple of the questions are too risque.  Not only that, but many of the questions couldn't be answered by the younger crowd.  They were just too hard.  I think that this game would make an okay drinking party game when there are a few men and women to take up sides.  Otherwise though, save your money and buy something else.
Battles of the Sexes is a game board made up of questions that are geared either to males or females. Do males really know what Madonnas, Trumpets and Tigers all are? Types of Lilies! Each question is designed to test the knowledge of the opposite sex. We had fun playing with everyone laughing and testing their knowledge.Great for Couples Game Night!
Got this game to play with our adult children.  When it arrived, I opened it up and started looking at the women's question cards.  Are you kidding me?  Who thought up these questions?  I went through about ten and couldn't answer any of them.  I don't want to even attempt to play this game with my children.  I can imagine we'd all just get fed up and quit! I would much rather have Trivial Pursuit than this game.  This game is ridiculous!  A game is supposed to be fun and this one is not!!I did give it five stars for educational value.  You could really learn some things by just reading the cards!!! However, it's supposed to be a game not flash cards.
When was the last time you pulled yourself away from that Playstation, Xbox, iPad, etc to play a good old fashioned board game?  What?  Couldn't pull yourself away from them to read this review, huh?  We took Battle of the Sexes camping with us.  The game is a little corny, but we all had a couple of drinks in us so it was corny fun.  Don't take it too serious, just have fun with it.
This game is fun. It is says for 12 and up, but I really question that.  Most of the questions are decent but dated.  The bulk of the questions really apply to people in their mid 20's and 30's. There are a few cards that are a little off color. I can see it being played with college age students and up. I would have a really hard time seeing this as a family game unless you have grown children.Also the manufacturer doesn't provide a clear way to keep track of the cards or keep them separate once the pack has been opened(like a rubber-band or box).  This causes a mess when you open the box a second time, unless you have the foresight to purchase rubber-bands before hand.
decent game to play except that i strongly feel that alot of it is open to debate.i guess its kinda like trivial pursuit. some of the answers are outdated or opinionated... and yes i am the type that will look it up.
My husband and I played this game with our oldest son and daughter in law. I was really hoping this would be more fun than it was. The questions were really silly, for the most part. I don't think I'd recommend this game. We just didn't have enough fun with it to do that. I know everyone's tastes and idea of fun is different so....I really don't like giving negative reviews but, I do want to be honest!
"I actually bought this, with my hard-earned cash.  I don't like this dumb game at all.  You each start on either sides of the board and have to like, cross over then back again to ""win"".  You answer trivia questions but they're all Yes/No questions, or just really lame multiple choice ones.  A few times we came up with scenarios that the rule book didn't have an explanation for.  I don't like playing this game - it's just dumb and not creative.  This is still in my closet, and I'm throwing it out next time I do some spring cleaning!!!"
Whether or not you believe in gender differences, there are just some things women know that men don't and vice versa. So the premise for this game is a good one. Not many men could explain the purpose of a flat iron, and not many women care about oil weight. We got this out with family of different ages, and they quickly gave up on trying to do it as a board game and just started reading the cards to each other. That part was fun for awhile, but they gave it up quickly. So it's not a game that will keep people entertained for very long, at least not with our family. I think it would definitely be more for adults, not because of any questionable content but because the teens felt it was boring. Not a good family game.
This game contains 8 pink and 8 blue game pieces, a game board and two sets of cards.  Questions for the guys to ask the girls and questions for the girls to ask the guys. It is essentially a trivia game and the questions are about the same caliber as Jeopardy questions.We played this game with a group of 11 people - 6 females and 5 males.  People in our group ranged in age from 20 - 35. We played it for an hour before we gave up. We felt the questions were too difficult. Both teams only made it two spaces on the board in an hour and that was with us almost giving each other the answers. The questions were funny sometimes to try to figure out what the answer was, but it was just too hard.
If your idea of a great game is something similar to Trivial Pursuit, you will love Battle of the Sexes. However, if you prefer a more action inspired game like Monopoly or Scrabble, then this game is not for you. It got a little boring about a half hour into the game but questions are fun and range from easy to very difficult.
"I couldn't help but notice earlier in life that ""game night"" was often contentious if couples played as teams.  ""Why did you play THAT?"" if playing cards.  ""How could you not GET that?"" if playing Pictionary.  Real-life couple fights were better avoided by pitting ""ladies versus the men"" instead of couples.I imagine the creators of ""Battle of the Sexes"" must have noticed the same thing.  At its most basic level the game is a quiz/trivia game, but the ""twist"" is that the ladies are asked things typically of interest to men and vice versa.  Ladies are asked questions about baseball and carburetors while men get questions about types of cloth and Audrey Hepburn movies.Overall, it's mostly harmless fun, but if there are truly ""competitive"" people playing there are inevitably complaints about the fairness of questions - from both sides.I will say - it's considerably more ""fair"" and therefore more ""fun"" than the sequel in the estimation of everyone at our house.  I will also say that this one was at least fun enough to bother getting the sequel."
We played with game with another couple and right away, it seems the cards are biased.  I'm not one to get all upset when things seem to have a gender bias, and obviously with a game that pits males against females, there's going to be some...  BUT!  The guy's questions cards give the ladies multiple choices on most cards.  We looked through half the stack and could not find ONE question for the guys where they were given options.  That alone makes it harder for the guys.  The cards sit in the middle of the board, so it's easy to make a mess or have a toddler lay the smack down in the middle of the board and send everything flying.  This will probably set in my closer and collect dust - by the time the ladies won, the guys had not even gotten one piece across the board and even though we won, it wasn't much fun.  If you like trivia, which we do, this may be more appealling to you.  If you're looking for something fun with 2-3 couples, I would suggest something else.
I love all sorts of trivial question game and when I had the chance to get this game I jumped on it.  I thought it would be fun to have couples over to the house and do a game night of men vs. women.First, the rules didn't make sense about how you play WILD cards, but once we figured out WHEN to play them the game went much faster.  We were stuck in a vortex of moving back and forth every time we landed on a wild card and there was no way to progress.  (WIld cards are only played if you make it to the third question.)Second, the questions weren't always gender specific, but they made for lots of fun.  When we asked the guys what marjoram was and they guessed some character's name in a movie it had us hooting with laughter (it's a spice used in cooking).  I'm sure the fellas thought it was equally hysterical when we didn't know answers to questions that were so obvious to them.The main problem with this game is that in the 2 1/2 hours we played, we came across 3 cards with questions that were plain wrong.  For example, on a question the guy asks the girl (paraphrasing here) Against what team do the Washington Nationals consistently lose?  I did know that the Washington Nationals was a baseball team, but then my husband said that the question was wrong because the answer was the Harlem Globetrotters.  He said the question should have asked about the Washington GENERALS.  We even looked it up to make sure.  There were 2 other questions that I can't quite remember, but they were definitely wrong too.  So the main problem with this game is for questions that NEITHER team might know the question/answer, can you be CERTAIN that the answer is right on the card?  There should have been a little more fact checking done with the questions before they printed up the cards.Other than that flaw, the game made for a fun evening.
"I have been dying to play this game but the opportunity for it is hard to come by. This past holiday we were with a mixed crowd and were finally able to pull out the game.Updated from the first Battle of the Sexes with new questions this game finally puts to rest the age old question, who know more about the other men or the woman?It is a fun, quick game and the ladies won the first two rounds. That doesn't mean the men didn't do well. We had a great time laughing at the expense of each other.The woman questions were hard even for some of us woman. Like: Who is Christopher Guest married to? We had no idea. And, Inky Dink is a brand of What? None of us had a clue. Do you?The men's questions weren't any easier for the guys: What's the second rule of fight club? ""You don't talk about fight club"".All in all we had a really good time. We really liked the Wild Cards but there were a few fun arguments when the other part of the couple didn't agree with the answers.Really fun for couple get togethers or unisex parties."
I think they had a great idea but it dwindled after playing it for five minute. I used this game to play with adults not children. I found that it was not what I thought it was going to be about (trivia) or something like that. I did get a laugh or two but other then that it was not that great even if you are bored. Get out the old sorry game or trivia game and have more fun.
This review is actually for Battle of the Sexes - The Battle Continues.If you are a pop culture and trivia buff, you will love this.  I have played the original Battle of the Sexes game, and it is a lot of fun for a game night.  It is endless hours of fun and offers one of the best natural competitions out there - Girls vs. Boys.  If that isn't an age old competition, I don't know what is.  This is game offers a board game set up that can be played by 2 to almost an infinite numbers of players making it a great choice for a couples game night.  Including are four types of questions - male, male wild card, female, and female wild card on a variety of topics.  The male questions offer traditionally female topics - cooking, make-up, etc. and the female questions offer traditionally male topics - sports, tool, etc.  Literally ever topic you can imagine comes up at some point.  The point is to get the questions right and advance across the board.  The only reason I didn't give this game a five is that it is a little hard sometimes.  Even if you are a trivia buff, you will find this a challenge.If you are looking for a change up to your game night routine, you will love this!
We have some friends that we regularly play poker with, but when we received this we figured we'd drop poker for the night and give this a shot! We partnered up - two men versus three women (we had an odd man out and the rules don't state that you have to be even in team members). Then we started!The Pros:- The game can be HILARIOUS. When the men don't know an answer to the question and the women do, you start to feel superior! Then you get a question that you simply don't know the answer to and they feel superior.- While there are some questions that young children shouldn't hear, it's a game that's fine to play as you've got kids running around the house playing. That in itself is valuable when you have younger children.- It's a game you can PAUSE! If you have three team mates one of you can go do something (get the kids a snack, go to the bathroom, ect) while the others play, as it's a team game. The whole game doesn't have to stop if you have to do something else.- It can be short or long, there are rules for both types of games.The Cons:- The questions will get old pretty quickly. We played through it once but I know if we do again we'll likely see many of the same questions (it, um, took us awhile to get across the board! LOL)- The directions are a bit screwy. We're still not sure about whether you just go down the board or go down and back. I think you just go down the board. And we didn't know if every player had to make it down or just one.- Some of the questions are just hard, yo! But that's what trivia's all about so I shouldn't call it a con.The Verdict:A really fun party game but something that you can likely only play once or twice before you pass it on to friends.
This is a great party game for adults. It's been around forever, but I don't think it's dated at all. It's fun answering the questions and the more people at your party, the more hilarious it gets. Play it as it's supposed to be with boys against girls, or mix it up and play coed teams. Fun and educational!
My husband and I had a few couples over and we played this and found it to easy and while there was some giggles around while playing it, we all agreed this wasn't a game for us 30+ year olds. After a few rounds we decided to move on to something else. I think a younger group would find this more enjoyable.
