Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
We put this together for our six year old son and he loves it.  It was easy to put together and he actually put half of it together by looking at the picture.Some had complained about flimsy tracks, but we don't think it's a problem.  We were able to erect and take down to move to another room and still have it work just fine.  The tracks are flexible; they're supposed to be.It came with a car that worked.  Trucks won't run through, so go through your collection to find comparably sized/weighted cars.  If it's too heavy, it won't get shot well enough to go through the loops.  Of the maybe 30 cars we tried, maybe 4 wouldn't work for this toy.You should be able to have the car hit the flame to trigger the next car, but we couldn't get it to do it.  We just hit the flame to make the next car go.It was fun for both dad and son!

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.06795794516801834,0.06687239557504654,0.06737459450960159,0.06783375144004822,0.06679265201091766,0.06541115790605545,0.06646018475294113,0.06758739054203033,0.06741220504045486,0.06671848893165588,0.06297343969345093,0.0665842741727829,0.06759069114923477,0.06612500548362732,0.06630589067935944
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
We put this together for our six year old son and he loves it.  It was easy to put together and he actually put half of it together by looking at the picture.Some had complained about flimsy tracks, but we don't think it's a problem.  We were able to erect and take down to move to another room and still have it work just fine.  The tracks are flexible; they're supposed to be.It came with a car that worked.  Trucks won't run through, so go through your collection to find comparably sized/weighted cars.  If it's too heavy, it won't get shot well enough to go through the loops.  Of the maybe 30 cars we tried, maybe 4 wouldn't work for this toy.You should be able to have the car hit the flame to trigger the next car, but we couldn't get it to do it.  We just hit the flame to make the next car go.It was fun for both dad and son!
I keep trying to find a set as good as the ones we owned when our sons were young and there is nothing available.  This set seems flimsy, and probably won't last long.  The set comes with one car, so be sure and buy more if you are giving this as a gift. Some of the cars we have in our collection work on it, and some don't.  Overall probably as good a set as you will find these days.
This toy was simply a HIT!We have spend countless hours playing with this. The only frustration is that not all the Hot wheels cars works, (at least for our kid) since only one came in the box, that was a little challenge at the beginning, but that didn't take any fun out of the activity.This has been a nice addition to the toy box, we have play a lot!
This toy would be awesome!  IF ... If it didn't require me to hold two pieces together in order to work!  One clip was designed badly and is at a joint where a lot of torque is placed on the two parts and thus it never held together, not even the first time.  I might gorilla glue it, but for now it's a big waste of space in my garage waiting for me to fix it or toss it...
This is an extremely fun toy to play with.  You start off by placing the car on the elevated board and then drop it into a funnel-like contraption.  The car is then spun into proper place by a cylindrical device and is shot off through the track.  At the end of the track, the vehicle gets ejected upwards, hits the bottom of the elevated board, and drops back into the funnel-like contraption.  The process repeats continuously unless the vehicle stops somewhere in the middle of the cycle.  My 6 year old and 20 month old both love this toy.Now, for the issues.1. The quality of the connectors is bad, which causes the cars to slowdown or jump off the track.2. Related to point 1, the connections can become loose and causes the cars to go off track, so you end up having to fix the tracks constantly.3. My kids have quite a few Hot Wheels vehicles and only some of their Hot Wheels vehicles have the correct weight to go around the track.  This issue may also be related to the connectors issue discussed in points 1 and 2.But, when the toy is working properly, it is a fun and interesting toy that keeps the little guys busy for quite some time.
My kids and I like the way the battery powered motor keep hot wheels cars in motion until they flip out.  Three times around the track is a successful run.  At the same time, there's always the concern about maintaining the track.  The track pieces tend through use to fall apart little by little.  I've spent a lot of time fitting the track pieces together and adjusting them.So I'm not crazy about this toy.  We love Hot Wheels cars though and recently ordered a set of 20.  I personally never tire of these die cast cars.  When the track is working, it brings the cars to life.  Unfortunately the track requires continual effort to keep in working order.
As soon as this came to our door, my nine year old was eager to put it together for himself and his five year old sister to try out.  My son was able to put the set together all on his own.  Some of the other match box sets that we have were not as easy to put together and the pieces often unsnap making the item hard to use.  This however seems to be more sturdy than the average match box set.  Also the pieces stay together.  Once the set was together they enjoyed setting the car on the track and watching it go.  They loved watching fly out of the fire and then get back on the track itself.  Once you have the toy together and have watched the car go through the track a few times you pretty much are done with the toy.  Still, when my kids have friends over they are very drawn to the toy and love playing with it for a few minutes.
My eight year old Son and ten year old Daughter both love the Hot Wheels Sky Jump Track Set. It's really cool to watch and play with and I myself am amazed at well it works most of the time. It includes one car that you put on a diving board. You release the car and it falls into a bowl and into a tunnel that flips your car onto its wheels. Then a set of wheels will propel the car through a twisting track and a second set of wheels will send the car flying into the bowl again. The entire process only takes a few seconds and it will work time and time again with an occasional time where the car will land on the track upside down or get stuck on the track or tube. It's designed and made fairly well and unless you abuse it then it should hold up quite well. The only bad thing that I can think of is how noisy it is. It's quite loud and after hearing it for 10 minutes it starts to get annoying. It even scares our two dogs and will chase them upstairs. Other than that it's a great track and I think most kids will love it.
I had my 12 year old son put this together and he did it in about 15 minutes flat only to find out that when you put the batteries in and turn it on, nothing happens.  I then removed the back panel of the motor (the big blue piece that shoots the cars through the track) and found the hot wire (red) was severed.  I soldered it together and we now had a working motor.  Once working though we found out that it shoots the cars so fast and up in the air to hit the release for the next car that it almost pegged my 4 year old daughter in the face.  If you have little kids, you definitely want exercise supervision when using this toy.  It is the return motor that is the problem.  Basically you drop a car into this funnel, the car gets on the track and hits the first motor which shoots it through the loops.  Upon return the car passes another motor and hits a 90 degree ramp that shoots the car into the air to hit a sort of 'drop zone' ledge where the next car is waiting to go.  Its this last part that is dangerous.Bottom line is you should have a good working knowledge of electronics if yours arrives DOA like mine did and you should also exercise caution with little children around this toy.
I feel like this toy has the same problem most Hot Wheels tracks do, it is quickly boring.  The setup is the most interesting part and, in our case, the parents are doing that while the kids are bouncing all over waiting to play.  Then, you put the cars in and they kind of do their thing and it's over.  This isn't like a train set where you can build different track setups.  You build it once, watch, and that's it.  My son is four and he was interested in this for about 10 minutes.  Then, it sat in the living room floor for another few days until the pieces were popping apart, and then ended up in the trash.  It was also very flimsy.  This is another complaint I have with Hot Wheels tracks in general.  I don't think this one was worse than any others, but the track part is floppy and conncections want to pop apart quickly.
"The only down side to this toy is that it is rather large.  If you have a designated ""play area"" that you can assemble this toy and leave it assembled, I believe you and your kids will be very happy with it.  Otherwise, disassembling it and then later reassembling it could lead to missing parts which obviously is going to place a damper on the fun.  My kids really enjoyed dropping in other cars and watching the ""smash it up"" action taking place. Many of their other die cast cars worked well with this race track so if you have toy cars from other race tracks, they might be a universal fit for the track.  The only down side is the ginormous batteries that the race track takes - 4 size D."
We all know Hot Wheels for their fun cars and racetracks and the new Hot Wheels Sky Jump Track Set does not disappoint.Expectations were running high in my house when we got this and thankfully, it only took about 15 minutes to put together because the natives were getting restless. The easy to follow directions made this is a breeze to put together and before you know it, my two boys were laughing, and having so much fun. It took a little maneuvering of the track to make sure the cars didn't shoot off, but once it was ready, my boys have had countless hours of fun.The track came with one car, but other Hot Wheels cars also work on the track, allowing you to crash cars and see where they go. The cars go better if they're a little longer, but frankly, any kid will be mesmerized to watch the cars fly up and around.Since it's motorized to propel the cars forward, it is a little loud, but overall, this is a great racetrack and any child would be ecstatic to get this.
When we opened the package we managed to put this set together fairly easily with the instructions, but the tracks are not as sturdy as I remember Hot Wheels tracks being. The flame part of the track seems a little brittle but we have not had any breakage as of yet. The track is nice but not all Hot Wheels cars can work well, the cars must travel up the hill and fall through the flames and shoot out and around the loops. We found that some cars would come out upside down, shoot off the track, or just get stuck. This toy is a little louder than I would like, I have to limit when the kids can play with it since it can be obnoxious. I think it might be fun for an older kid, but mine have issues with it and the novelty wore off somewhat quickly.
This track set was assembled with little effort, no thanks to the 'directionsi included. Lots of fun when the action started. My second grader is learning about 'force and motion' and it was more challenging to explain the scientific aspect of this toy.
This Hot Wheels track, like all the others I have seen, is a little bit flimsy and not as well made as they used to be.  That said, this is a pretty fun set and my son really likes it.  The car starts up top, falls through a ring into a cone of fire and then through several loops before shooting back up to start over again.There a few caveats:  Not all Hot Wheels cars will work with this set.  It can't be too long of car or too light.  It comes with a car that works and we were able to find one other car that works well.  The two cars that work will go through the revolutions as many as four times before they will fall off the track at some point.  Other cars will fall off at the loops on the first go-round.  Also, this set is noisy when you turn it on.  Its not a toy you can have running while you are watching TV.Overall, besides the flimsiness, noise, and cars issue, this is a really neat set.  It is even fun to just to watch it.  If you are aware of the fact that it may not be too durable and the other minor issues, I think this set is a great one to buy for any Hot Wheels lover.
