Top question:
Music from itunes? have problems downloading the music from itunes.  found it in file manager, but will not "choose" so that i can transfer.  Suggestions?  Same goes for the photos in Library (on my Mac).
Top review:
"I got this through Amazon Vine to review and gave it to my 5 year old son to play with.  He thought it was great...for about a week and then was bored with it.  Then he got aLeapFrog LeapPadand since then he hasn't touched this one at all.The InnoTab is definitely not superior to theLeapFrog LeapPad; it feels a lot cheaper and is a lot cheaper.  There were a couple things though with its construction that are very annoying.  First of all the battery cover falls off constantly even during normal use.  Very obnoxious and a chocking hazard for younger kids.  Also the pen that comes with it is not attached to the InnoTab and is incredible easy to loose.  The Innotab is big and clunky and just feels cheap.Okay so the hardware is mediocre but what about the software.  The games and apps are okay.  You get to choose a couple free apps right away.  My son chose a Penguin Slide game and really loved it...for a couple days.  He pretty much finished the whole game at all difficulties very quickly and then got bored.  This followed for the other games we bought for it.  They are all very short and fairly easy, not very high quality from a graphic or development aspect.  Keep in mind they are also much cheaper than the LeapPad Apps ($2.99 versus $7.99 or more).The Innotab does have a camera; it is an okay camera.  You can look at the pictures you take; but (unlike the LeapPad) you can't import the pics into the drawing App and color on the pictures you take.  My son loves doing this on the LeapPad.  The Innotab can play back movies as well but it is a huge pain in the butt.  You have to rip them into a special format and then add them to the InnoTab through the software provided (which you have to install on your personal computer).  The same is true for music; you can't just add it to a memory card and stick it into the Innotab; you have to add it through their special app.  This is cumbersome and takes a lot of time.The Innotab also has a contacts app and a calendar; which my 5 year old has no interest in using but older kids might enjoy.  Its inclusion puzzles me a bit because I can't see older kids enjoying many of the available InnoTab games.All in all this just wasn't a winner for us.  In this case ""you get what you pay for"" is very true.  TheLeapFrog LeapPadwas a winner for us though.  Granted it is more expensive and the apps are more expensive but my son has yet to finish the games, it is easy to move music on to, and he really enjoys the ""Pet"" you can make that follows you around through all of your apps.  The LeapPad doesn't fall apart and it is sleek and easy for my son to hold.  The LeapPad gets played with almost every day while the InnoTab is collecting dust.So I guess it depends on what you want out of the device.  The InnoTab provides some diversion, but wasn't nearly as engaging for my son (or me) as the LeapPad."

Question attention weights:
0.16599678993225098,0.1689731776714325,0.1643771380186081,0.16992266476154327,0.16977667808532715,0.16095353662967682
Review attention weights:
0.1017923578619957,0.07888559997081757,0.1460377722978592,0.11853568255901337,0.16176022589206696,0.0901763066649437,0.11863532662391663,0.07098091393709183,0.11319578438997269
0.10962796211242676,0.10526997596025467,0.11454660445451736,0.10851571708917618,0.12834471464157104,0.1064009889960289,0.11037013679742813,0.09950125962495804,0.11742261052131653
0.10868143290281296,0.09435474127531052,0.1275327205657959,0.1247154176235199,0.15957462787628174,0.09048871695995331,0.09920468181371689,0.07089069485664368,0.12455698847770691
0.10572375357151031,0.10255166888237,0.12065693736076355,0.10950429737567902,0.1279577910900116,0.1063295230269432,0.11523248255252838,0.09785160422325134,0.11419195681810379
0.11078385263681412,0.10804451256990433,0.11362969130277634,0.10489475727081299,0.12209422886371613,0.10820721089839935,0.11083085089921951,0.10438868403434753,0.11712632328271866
0.10626602172851562,0.08625667542219162,0.1386127918958664,0.12018649280071259,0.18790993094444275,0.077779620885849,0.10127632319927216,0.06131644546985626,0.12039564549922943
Questions:
Problems with Vtech's Learning Lodge Navigator? Is anyone else having problem with the Learning Lodge Navigator download from vtech's website?  I have tried downloading it on 3 different computers now and I keep getting the same error message:  you need to download Adobe Flash.  I tried downloading the latest verson of Flash and re-installing the software, but still no luck.  The Vtech support tells me there is no problem with their product.  I think I'm going to return it.  The email address they have on their website won't even work.
Can apps be shared between 2 InnoTabs? Just as the topic states. I am wanting to know do you have to buy 2 of the same apps for 2 innotabs or can it be shared? I know the Leappad can be shared but I have not found out if Vtech apps can. Thanks.
Innotab not keeping date/time? We got my 5yo son an Innotab for Christmas and he's really enjoying it so far.  Other than the insane battery usage (he's had it 2 days and it's already on it's 4th set of batteries) I've noticed one weird problem:Everytime you turn the Innotab on, it asks you to set the date and time, which are always set to 1/1/2010 and 12:00am.  We've managed to see two times where it didn't ask to set the time -- but the other 15-25 times we've seen it turned on it asks this.  Is anyone else having this problem?  My 5 year old is fascinated with turning things on/off/messing with settings, so I'm not ruling out the chance he's changing a setting and/or popping out the batteries on me.Just curious if anyone else is having this problem.Thanks,Josh
Music from itunes? have problems downloading the music from itunes.  found it in file manager, but will not "choose" so that i can transfer.  Suggestions?  Same goes for the photos in Library (on my Mac).
Problems turning it on We just bought this for our daughter for Christmas and after working with it for only 30 minutes, it no longer turns on.  We do not have the AC adapter, but have put in 4 sets of brand new batteries to no avail.  All we get is a milli-second of light on the screen and then it turns off.  Any suggestions?  I am a desperate, thanks.
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
NOTE!!!!! This product is almost useless without an SD card! That must be figured into your cost consideration when purchasing this item.Additional Note: This particular toy is being used for an older child (currently 10). While I know that, truly, it is a bit childish for a child who bought her own Kindle, we have reasons for letting her claim this InnoTab. For a review more specifically related to a younger child, see my review of the pink InnoTab.The InnoTab is rated for children ages 4-9. While it's easy for a four-year-old to learn, there are a few features that make this tablet appealing to the older range as well.- MP3 player. Any songs (of the right format, naturally) can be downloaded onto the SD card on the InnoTab and played with pretty decent sound.- The SD card feature makes it fairly easy to put the music, pictures, video, etc., on the InnoTab. The screen quality is pretty decent as well.- There is a notepad for taking notes.- There is a calendar feature that does allow notes to be placed on individual dates for scheduling.There are general pros to this product, again most of these being with older children in mind:- All of the features mentioned above are on the InnoTab at purchase. Plus, there is the option to download up to three more downloadable products with the three free Vcoins provided upon registration.- The downloadable games, books, and apps are reasonably priced when compared to other similar toys. The quality seems to be about the same, as does the educational value.- All background music/noise can be turned off on an individual game basis. Also, the volume control is a button easily accessed on the frame of the tablet, and can be completely turned down. The only essential sound on the InnoTab is the start-up sound.- A stand allows the tablet to be propped up in either portrait or landscape format.- The SD card slot is not exposed, but is easily accessible in the battery compartment.- Once downloadable products are purchased, they can be used on multiple InnoTabs.There are some cons to this product as well.- Battery life is rough! Products like these really, really, really should either come with an internal rechargeable battery or with an A/C adapter that does not have to be purchased separately.- Not easily transferred from one child to another. Only one child at a time can be listed at start-up or registered online. While it is easy to switch users, there is no way to separately customize this product.All in all, my oldest likes the InnoTab. We are not a family that provides cell phones or expensive electronics for our children. When they want something enough to save up the money and buy it, we encourage them to do so. So, receiving the InnoTab was a treat for my daughter, and although she knows most of the games and books are too young for her, she was appreciative of the things that are age-appropriate. Older kids who have more access to electronics might be easily bored with this tablet.One additional note: We received two InnoTabs, but we could not register both of them to get 3 free Vcoins apiece. We only got one set of three coins. While I am glad to have received the three, I would have been upset if I had actually purchased these and not received three Vcoins for each tablet after expending the money for two separate tablets.
"The Vtech is less expensive. Looking at the current Amazon listings, much less expensive.The Vtech is ""faster"". By that I mean it powers on and off more quickly. Also, games seem to start more quickly.Voice prompts. They are about equal. I think the same guy recorded the lexicons for both machines.Clarity of instructions. Both machines are very good.Screen responsiveness. From my experiences the LeapPad is better. There are some times when the Vtech just doesn't respond.Styli. The LeapPad comes with a soft tipped stylus to protect the screen. It broke right away. However, by daughter manages just fine with her finger. The Vtech comes with a hard tipped stylus and is not likely to break. That's good because with the Vtech there are times when you need a stylus. That's bad because I can see the screen getting damaged.Durability. The LeapPad feels more durable.Sharing. The LeapPad supports four named accounts and a guest. The Vtech only one named account and a guest.Ability to take pictures and videos. The LeapPad is the clear winner since it has a camera and the Vtech doesn't.""Funness"" of games. For the games I've tried that are similar on both devices the LeapPad version tends to be more interesting and fun to play. At least judging from my daughter's reactions.Educational value of games. For the games I've tried that are similar on both devices the LeapPad version tends to offer more educational content.Bottom Line: For even money I believe the LeapPad is the better choice. At current prices (except, apparently on Amazon) where the LeapPad is about 20% more I would still got with it. However, there are things that speak for both devices and neither would be a bad choice as a gift for this holiday season."
My 7 year old daughter has both this and the Leap Pad tablet. I asked her if she had to keep one and give the other one away, which one she would keep, and she said it was a toss up. The two products are comparable and, to my mind, pretty much equal in terms of durability, user-friendliness, fun for kids . . . I would give the Leap Pad a slight edge over the Innotab on educational value, because my feeling is the Innotab stresses fun more while the Leap Pad strives a bit harder for there to be learning involved in all the enjoyability. I would choose the Leap Pad over the Innotab in a pinch, but I recommend both.
"UPDATE: 1/5/12Vtech decided to sneak in an update and I can no longer put ANY videos on my son's Innotab. The ones I transferred before still work, but any I try to put on the SD card now, even ones that I know previously worked and were accidentally deleted no longer appear using the same methods I always had. I get a ""memory card error"" every single time the Innotab starts now and the new videos will not show up. Given that the educational and design value of the Innotab is far lower than that of the LeapPad and now that it doesn't even function as a video player, I can't recommend this toy. Not only did they botch the video transfer process, but Vtech support is horrible. They double charged me on a single app purchase and won't even return my emails nor respond to my PayPal claim to get a refund. Thankfully, PayPal came through and refunded me my money because Vtech would not respond to their inquiries either. Horrible, horrible, horrible customer service! We will NEVER buy Vtech again.UPDATE #2: 2/4/12We brought the InnoTab with us to Disney World to help keep my son entertained during the long drive (~25 hour drive one way) and I also brought my old iPod 3G 64GB that I haven't used much recently. The night before we left I was up until 4am converting video files for the InnoTab which consists of changing the properties to be compatible with the InnoTab and then running it through a second program to increase the audio volume because for some unknown reason the InnoTab silences the audio on video files that have normal volume on any other device. This increases the file size so you have to degrade the video quality even more to make them a reasonable file size, which is still more than double what they would be in an iPod-friendly format. This is all very time consuming, and on top of it, as I went to transfer all my newly converted files, I found that InnoTab was no longer recognizing the files I placed on the SD card. I was using the same method I had when we first received it so there had to be some undercover update that changed this process. I could find NO way to transfer the files. Even considering the comment about making sure the SD card is not locked did nothing. So, I pulled out my iPod, queued up the video files to be converted and got some sleep. Put them all on the iPod in the morning before we left and voila. No problems, better quality picture and sound and smaller file sizes, meaning more room for media. I am a huge technology lover and I think I let that get the better of me in my excitement for this ""child friendly"" media player. In reality, it has nothing over an iPod. The majority of the downloadable games are poor quality and not engaging at all and with a screen that is a teeny tiny bit larger than an iPod but much lower quality picture, it just can't hold a candle as an educational device OR a portable media player. Especially considering it's significant size. It's almost as big as my iPad for that puny little screen. The screen size is the same as LeapPad's, but the LeapPad wins hands down with a much smaller overall size. I'll leave my initial review up for those who aren't ready to pay the extra money for an iPod Touch or Kindle and don't mind banging their heads on the wall trying to get media on the device, but if you want an educational game device for your child, don't waste your time here. Buy a LeapPad. They are plentiful now and the same price as the InnoTab. It's a no brainer.----------------------------------Let me preface by saying my son is 6-years-old, has had a Leapster since he was 3 (with a library of 20+ games), got an iPod touch last Christmas and now has the Innotab and a LeapPad under the tree. I wrote an extensive comparison between the LeapPad (I spent $27.50 on 2 apps from the App Center plus tried out 4 cartridge games) and the iPod touch from a purely educational standpoint. The summary is basically this: The LeapPad will cost you more money in the end but it is far easier to find quality educational material through LeapFrog's App Center than it is through iTunes. Not that it doesn't exist, but it can be hard to find the good stuff that is truly educational and not just entertaining.Now that my sneaky boy found the Innotab stashed in my desk that I was loading with videos when he was sleeping the night before, I have had plenty of time to assess the Innotab as well. My first thoughts are the quality of the games. I spent $12 and downloaded 7 apps. Three were free with the V Coins we were awarded for purchasing the Innotab. One thing I liked about the V Coins was I had free pick of any app in the Vtech download center (Learning Lodge). LeapFrog has a similar system, but two of your free apps have to be what they give you (All About Me and Art Studio) and the third is your choice from a handful of titles, a fraction of what the App Center has to offer. The LeapPad comes with only one app installed, Pet Pad, which is a simple letter tracing game with the incentive of teaching your fully customizable pet (from puppies to dragons) new tricks. The All About Me app allows your child to create a story about themselves or a loved one complete with pictures and audio that can be shared via e-mail with friends and family. The Art Studio is a simple art app. LeapFrog has also been sending around a code for yet another free app, Alphabet Stew. I received an e-mail a few days after setting up my LeapPad through their LeapFrog Connect software.The Innotab comes with two games, Pinball Letters and Ice Escape. The first game is a simple labyrinth type game where you tilt the device to get the ball in the hole. You earn letters that automatically spell out a word as you progress. The second, has zero educational value. You move ice blocks to help a penguin find his way to the fish so he can eat it. Problem solving skills? Maybe. But the levels are very few and always the same. Innotab also comes with a basic Art Studio, much like LeapPad's version, and a Color & Pop app that gives you a choice of 8 pictures to color and when done, you can view it in ""3D"". As you tilt the device, it looks like the foreground is moving separately from the background. Kind of neat, but really limited given only 8 pictures to choose from. Last but not least, my son's favorite, the e-book ""What's That Noise?"" It's a simple narrated story that has animated and interactive scenes as you go along, just like the ones you purchase from LeapFrog's App Center. You can click any of the words to hear them individually. Hands down this is my son's favorite app, even after the ones I purchased and downloaded.It may seem like you get more out of the box with Innotab, but honestly, the offerings are very thin. Each game has one objective and that's it. There's no variety, there's no story behind it, just repetition. I think of them more like mini games than a full fledged game. Granted, they were only $2.99 (on sale, regularly $4.99) and LeapPad's apps start at $7.50 and go up to $20. Their prices are steep, but the old addage ""You get what you pay for"" is still true. I would gladly pay $20 for a game that my son will play for hours and keep going back to than pay $20 for 6 apps that bore him so much that he plays them once never again. I really wish I could get a refund on the apps I purchased from Vtech because that's exactly what my son did. Looked at them once and never again. Of the games I purchased, it's hard to really recommend any of them but a few were close enough. One was supposed to teach him sentence structure (Sentence Puzzle), but all it is is an owl and chalkboard and two pieces of a single sentence that he has to put together. It's horribly easy because, of course, the section ending with the period goes last. There's no thought involved. I was hoping for something that would take entire sentences apart and let him put them together in a way that makes sense, the way one of the mini games in the Cars 2 Ultra e-book for LeapPad does it. I could see value in that. I bought a few that were supposed to reinforce spelling too (Carrot Patch, Helpless Hippo), but they all do the same thing though with different graphics. They show a word, take away one letter of the word (which you can see before it disappears) and then ask you to find it from a selection of 2 or 3 words. How is showing him the letter before asking him for the answer making him use his brain? He's not looking at the word and thinking about how to spell it, he's just recalling what he saw a second ago and doesn't even have to look at the word. Another game almost hit the mark, Alpha-Circuit, with it's robot that needs help filling in the missing letters in the word. There are several letters missing from the word and scrambled below. You have to unscramble and replace the letters, which seems great, but a child in this age range who is just beginning to spell may have absolutely no idea where to begin and then it simply becomes a game of trial and error. Cab Tab is actually decent as it has your child driving a car around town to pick people up and drop them off at their destination. At each stop, you have to calculate the change they are to receive for the ride. This and Rhyming Whiz were my favorites for educational value. Rhyming Wiz has you playing as a cute little wizard who has to match rhyming words to get through the dungeon. This exposes my son to new words that he can easily pronounce the first time because he knows it rhymes with the given word. This boosts confidence, let's him have fun and helps him learn at the same time. That's what Innotab is supposed to be about, right?! I did not buy any cartridges for the Innotab so I can't accurately compare, but they seem to offer the same general types of titles as LeapPad, including the current popular Disney and Nick Jr. franchises and for the same price ($25) as LeapPad's cartridges.My overall opinion is that yes, LeapPad apps are far more expensive but you get far more value out of them. Aside from the creativity apps, there was nothing I played that couldn't be considered quality educational material on the LeapPad. The cartridges I purchased are Cars 2, Pet Pals 2, Globe Explorers and Mr. Pencil. The apps are the Cars 2 Ultra e-book and the expansion for the Cars 2 cartridge game. Aside from the quality of the available material, the LeapPad offers incentives. The Innotab has nothing like this. Since Leapster 2, LeapFrog has had this rewards system in place and it's much more interesting now with the LeapPad and Leapster Explorer. As your child progresses through games, they earn tokens they can spend on goodies for their custom pet (the one they make in the Pet Pad app, this same pet accompanies your child through many of the apps) or unlocks content in the cartridge games, like new power ups or new characters or vehicles. I haven't done any of this myself as I didn't want to ruin it for him, but I did peek around the token store to see what was available and it seems really neat and gives the child a reason to keep playing and learning. This idea is completely absent with Innotab. Also, for the record, there is no licensed material in the Vtech Learning Lodge, aside from a couple of e-books starring Toot & Puddle. If you're hoping to find more Dora or Cars or Disney Princesses in their app store, you will find none. LeapFrog's App Center is full of Disney of all varieties (Cars, Toy Story, Princesses, Nemo, Tangled, Tinkerbell, etc) and lots of Nick Jr. as well (Dora, Diego, Ni-hao Kai-lan, SpongeBob). LeapFrog's own licensed characters make plenty of appearances as well. And they just added a new Thomas Ultra e-book!As far as build and quality of materials go, they both feel equally durable and appear to have what it takes to withstand the test of time. The LeapPad is significantly smaller and I do prefer it's design, but this is cosmetic only. Both are pretty thin and can fit in a large purse or diaper bag. The screen size is the same, the quality of the picture and sound are similar, speed (as in loading times) are similar in both units as well. They are pretty equal here, aside from the LeapPad having the advantage of a smaller profile.Now here's where the competition gets really interesting. The LeapPad has picture and video capability as well as audio recording. It's obviously not great quality and may not do much to entice my son who is used to the passable iPod touch camera, but it opens up new options for play. The microphone is cleverly used in some apps, such as Pet Pad where you blow in the microphone to dry off your pet after a bath. Cute!! The Innotab may not have a camera or microphone, but it has an SD card slot. LeapPad has a fixed 2GB memory, which is actually plenty considering you can put ALL the games (including the 8 cartridge games that they offer in digital format! LeapSchool Reading, Pet Pals 2, Dora, Globe: Earth Adventures, Mr. Pencil, Ni-Hao Kai-lan and both SpongeBob titles), e-books, ultra e-books, expansions, creativity apps, flash cards and 4 of the larger videos on that 2GB (including the pre-installed games). I can't imagine you'd ever want everything in the App Center, but if you wanted to, you could! The videos are fairly large files so you'd have far fewer games if you were to purchase all the videos but I don't think they're a great value anyway since much of what's available can be streamed for free via Netflix or Amazon Prime, including LeapFrog's own learning videos.Where the Innotab's SD card shines, however, is in the ability to turn it into a complete media center. I am able to add 3 full length DVDs per GB, so with a 32GB card, we are talking almost 100 videos! You could easily get away with a 8GB or 16GB card and have lots of room for movies, though I am in the process of loading my son's Innotab up with goodies for our upcoming vacation and I'd rather have room to spare than not enough! If it weren't for the SD card and the ability to add movies and music freely (which LeapPad does not) I would consider the Innotab a total flop and not worth the investment as a pure educational toy. For a durable, kid friendly media player, however, it simply can't be beat. You will not find a media player capable of this amount of storage anywhere near this price. For $15 more than what I paid for a portable Sony DVD player, I have the Innotab and a 32GB storage and the ability to put ALL of my son's DVDs on it with ample room to spare and completely avoid the hassle of having to lug around a case of DVDs, a bulky DVD player and a case. The screen size is only slightly smaller than my Sony DVD player and the picture is actually quite good, especially considering the fairly small file size of 300MB per movie. UPDATE: However, I recently discovered that the audio on most videos I put on the Innotab are very very quiet, even at full volume. Some are almost completely inaudible. I found a work around for this using VirtualDub, but this will increase your file size. It seems a necessity if your child is going to be viewing them anywhere with any kind of background noise, especially while in the car.When it comes to batteries, both Innotab and Leappad use 4 AA batteries. Be prepared to replace the batteries at least once a day initially. You will absolutely want to pick up a good set of rechargeable batteries. I highly recommendSanyo NEW 1500 eneloop 4 Pack AAA Ni-MH Pre-Charged Rechargeable Batteries. I have been using them for 5 years and still have my original set. They run about $10 for 4 AA batteries, and they are well worth it. Any rechargeable battery charger will charge these though you can buy an eneloop charger as well. What sets these batteries apart from other brands is they have an extremely low discharge rate. With typical rechargeable batteries, you're going to run into the issue of them losing charge while sitting on the shelf waiting for use. Eneloop claims these batteries retain 75% of their charge after 3 years of no use and I completely believe it. I had a spare set that hadn't been used in at least a year and we got over 4 hours of use out of them before we had to switch to a freshly charged set. I can't recommend them enough for parents who have a lot of battery powered toys, especially battery hogs like Innotab and LeapPad! You may also want to pick upVtech Car Charger. The Amazon description states that it's only good for V. Reader and MobiGo but if you go to Vtech's website it has this same model and says compatible with Innotab.UPDATE: Also discovered two rather important cons. Vtech included the option to toggle a delete switch in the app screen. If this happens while you're away from home, such as on vacation, you will be out of luck. It's very easy for this to happen because the button is very obvious. It's a wrench in the upper right corner that also toggles the ability to move apps around, but it's far too easy to accidentally delete them while moving them. LeapPad has the ability to rearrange apps that works very much like an iOS device. Hold down an icon and they will wiggle so you can move them around. No deleting here. Vtech also placed a big trash can button precariously close to the ""next video"" button in the video player. I just don't understand why Vtech would think we would want our young children to have the ability to delete content. As for the second con, you can only have ONE child registered with the Innotab. If you try to add a second through the Learning Lodge, it will tell you that you have to switch with the existing child. LeapPad offers the ability to add 4 or 5 children, in addition to the guest login. It fully tracks the progress of all children on the LeapPad. Innotab also has a guest feature, but you're clearly not going to be getting any progress tracking while logged in as a guest. It may be irrelevant since I haven't been noticing anything changing in my son's progress log in the Learning Lodge anyway and I've plugged it in countless times to download new apps or movies to the Innotab. Just something to keep in mind if you were looking forward to this feature.If you want to skip all of the above and just get to the point, LeapPad wins hands down for a purely educational gaming device, but if you want lots of media in a compact, kid-friendly format, Innotab can't be beat. Just to throw the iPod touch in one last time, it is a good mix of the two. A versatile media player with access to excellent educational content and tons of apps just for fun, it's worth the investment. I'd recommend the LeapPad for pre-k through 3rd grade. Beyond that, your child is going to be wanting that iPod touch. :)"
"I got this through Amazon Vine to review and gave it to my 5 year old son to play with.  He thought it was great...for about a week and then was bored with it.  Then he got aLeapFrog LeapPadand since then he hasn't touched this one at all.The InnoTab is definitely not superior to theLeapFrog LeapPad; it feels a lot cheaper and is a lot cheaper.  There were a couple things though with its construction that are very annoying.  First of all the battery cover falls off constantly even during normal use.  Very obnoxious and a chocking hazard for younger kids.  Also the pen that comes with it is not attached to the InnoTab and is incredible easy to loose.  The Innotab is big and clunky and just feels cheap.Okay so the hardware is mediocre but what about the software.  The games and apps are okay.  You get to choose a couple free apps right away.  My son chose a Penguin Slide game and really loved it...for a couple days.  He pretty much finished the whole game at all difficulties very quickly and then got bored.  This followed for the other games we bought for it.  They are all very short and fairly easy, not very high quality from a graphic or development aspect.  Keep in mind they are also much cheaper than the LeapPad Apps ($2.99 versus $7.99 or more).The Innotab does have a camera; it is an okay camera.  You can look at the pictures you take; but (unlike the LeapPad) you can't import the pics into the drawing App and color on the pictures you take.  My son loves doing this on the LeapPad.  The Innotab can play back movies as well but it is a huge pain in the butt.  You have to rip them into a special format and then add them to the InnoTab through the software provided (which you have to install on your personal computer).  The same is true for music; you can't just add it to a memory card and stick it into the Innotab; you have to add it through their special app.  This is cumbersome and takes a lot of time.The Innotab also has a contacts app and a calendar; which my 5 year old has no interest in using but older kids might enjoy.  Its inclusion puzzles me a bit because I can't see older kids enjoying many of the available InnoTab games.All in all this just wasn't a winner for us.  In this case ""you get what you pay for"" is very true.  TheLeapFrog LeapPadwas a winner for us though.  Granted it is more expensive and the apps are more expensive but my son has yet to finish the games, it is easy to move music on to, and he really enjoys the ""Pet"" you can make that follows you around through all of your apps.  The LeapPad doesn't fall apart and it is sleek and easy for my son to hold.  The LeapPad gets played with almost every day while the InnoTab is collecting dust.So I guess it depends on what you want out of the device.  The InnoTab provides some diversion, but wasn't nearly as engaging for my son (or me) as the LeapPad."
I encourage parents to thoroughly research both the Vtech InnoTab and the LeapFrog Leappad before making their purchase.  Each device has pros and cons, but you also need to keep in mind the age of your child and what they are used to as far as hand-held devices (if any).  If your child is used to playing certain apps on your high-tech iPad, or on your computer, then they may likely find these devices geared towards kids rather disappointing.My 4 year old has been allowed to play some simple pre-school games on both our tablet and the computer, but was still very excited to recieve her own tablet with her own games and fun features.  While the price for the InnoTab downloadable games is fantastic (compared to LeapFrog), the games themselves aren't that fantastic, and they do not keep track of and ajust to your child's level of learning for each game.While the Innotab is built fairly well and so far has endured drops and bumps and even being sat on - the LeapFrog Leappad just feels and looks better, it feels more solid in your hands.  While I do like the little kick-stand on the back of the InnoTab I foresee this being easily broken in the near future.A big dislike is the inability to delete pre-loaded content on the InnoTab - why would you want to keep and look at pictures and video that aren't yours?  Seems like a silly little issue, but at the same time drives me nuts.Our biggest like about the InnoTab is it's ability to play music and movies, unlike the Leappad, although movies do have to be uploaded in a particular format.  Also you can use a bigger memory card with the InnoTab than with the LeapPad, so you are able to upload more than just a couple of movies and songs.While my daughter really likes the music and movies that the InnoTab provides, she prefers the games and books that are on the Leappad tablet better - if we had to choose just one it would be a tough choice.  Over time the games and books for InnoTab may improve, and the pricing and options for Leappad may as well, it's hard to say.If you're not planning on surprising your child with one of these I highly recommend finding a store that has one on display so your child can touch and try them, and hopefully make your purchasing choice a little easier.
After spending time with the device and watching my kid with it I think that it is just an overall OK device.It is hard on batteries but you don't seem to get any performance benefits from that. The device seems to be under powered in the processing department, things take a while to load, some games and apps don't respond to input well, it just feels laggy. I think the same of the competition as well but I still think they are slightly better in the performance department. The device also looses a few points in my book for lacking a tether for the stylus and having no camera.I do like the fact that you can use your own SD card so props there. I also haven't had a problem with the durability or functionality of the device. My kid has spent quite a bit of time using it and everything is still intact and working fine. The screen seems to have held up well, I only see a few fine light scratches in it, and it hasn't been treated like a precious item. I can't say I know where the stylus is though.As for the content my kid likes the books. Words are read and highlighted, you can touch a word and have it read, and some words have definitions that pop up and are read to you. The words are spoken clearly and easy to understand from what I have heard. The unit also has the expected built in apps to draw, listen to music, watch videos, take notes, calendar, etc.I had no problem connecting the device to my PC to download updates and purchase content. Keep in mind you have to supply the SD card.I would say if you find a very good deal on the device give it a shot if you think your child will enjoy it. You still need to purchase a SD card for downloading apps and with the devices limitations they should really lower the price.
Do your kids love to play with your PC, Tablet, or Touchpad devices? If so then they will love the VTech InnoTab, and you will love the Educational and the bonus Technology features that allow you to customize the InnoTab into your child's ultimate PC/Tablet. The Innotab comes with a high quality 5 inch Touch Screen, 8 learning applications already preloaded, a built in stand which allows you to use the tablet as a Digital Picture Frame or just a comfortable way to play games. It also features a MP3 player, a KidiZoom Camera compatible Video Player, and the option to add additional memory with an SD card as well as play VTECH InnoTab Cartridge games.The Innotab is extremely kid friendly, built into a sturdy heavy duty child friendly case. It comes with a thick stylus pen, and a Children's Organizer that allows your child to have a calender and keep track of important events.The InnoTab Learning Applications, E-Books and more are $4.99 each to download from the VTech website. This is great because the competitors tablet games are on average $10-25 per download which makes the InnoTab a very affordable option. In comparison the only feature that the Innotab doesn't have is a built in Camera.I have both the Innotab and the other popular children's tablet.  My 4 year old gets a lot of benefit from using both but I must say I personally prefer the Innotab because it is the closest thing to a popular adult name-brand tablet and a great educational tool.
"I a house where my 4 1\2 year old has been begging for time on our iPods and iPhone, I was searching for something techie, FUN, has same ideas as the Apple products but would not as easily break or break the bank.  Afteral,l it is for a 4 year old.After reading a  few reviews I was skeptical my 4 year old would transition easy to this after getting to put time in on the Ipods touches.  I am so happy he has thoroughly LOVED his Innotab, he will say he loves it so much and did not even ask for it.  And I mean LOVE it!!  WE bought him 2 games, cars 2 and Madagascar and he plays those as much as the In-tablet stuff.  We have not even downloaded the 3 free choices OR added stuff with the SD card yet and he is going strong.  He takes this EVERYWHERE and plays with it everyday!YES the batteries go fast, since we are not playing movies yet we do get a few days out of each battery change, but looking for rechargeables will be in our future!I feel this is very well made for the age group, I would not hesitate recommending it to anyone.I do think the touch screen is a bit ""tough""  not as sensitive as the apple screens as well as the ""tilt sensors"" but it does not bother my son, he has adapted to it with no issues.  And come on it retails for under $100 and is a child's tablet it was WELL worth that money.  (anyone who pays 3rd party markups has NOTHING to bitch about you made your choice yourself.)He sits it up on the built in stand all the time and we have had no concerns, he even carries it by the stand."
