Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
"To play Quelf, it's important to gather around a group of people--larger is better--who aren't afraid of being silly and possibly (make that probably!) embarrassing themselves! Creativity is also extremely important, since the cards often call for outside items to be used, and if they're not handy, players must improvise.To play, a person rolls a die and goes forward a number of spaces. The space the player lands on is color-coded and applies to a specific card deck. Each turn requires picking up a card from a color-coded deck, and the cards are important for gameplay. Failing at what a card says to do results in a punishment of going back a number of spaces. Sometimes the cards are extremely involved, so make sure you read them in their entirety--and you'll probably have to continue referring to some of them throughout the game. One time when we played, someone kept speaking in grunts for the whole game, creating a lot of confusion. In reality, the card allowed for one-word sentences and also allowed the player under that rule to speak when necessary. So don't skim those cards! I'll take a few moments to talk about how each card color/category adds to the game.* Blue cards are special cards, yet the most challenging, since they add new rules (er, Roolz) to the game. A blue card can be quite embarrassing, since it gives a rule that must be followed, perhaps until your next turn, or maybe even until the end of the game! The type of card you get will be random, so there have been times I've played and never had to go by an added rule in the game. This can at times seem unfair, if other players have to remember multiple rules at constant risk of failing and incurring a penalty. This category has been the least favorite among players here, but it can also cause the most laughs for those who don't get the cards!* Green cards are quiz questions, or ""Quizzle."" The person whose turn it is may not look at the card. Another player must ask him or her the quiz question.* Purple cards, called ""Showbiz,"" require acting skills. Sometimes they're timed, and sometimes not.* Red cards are ""Scatter Brainz."" They're really fun. Players go around in a circle listing items within a certain category, chosen from two suggestions found on the card. When the game of Quelf finally draws to a close, the person trying to win must say two items in a row for each category, instead of one.* Yellow cards are called ""Stuntz."" These are usually mini challenges, such as spinning a coin or making a Halloween mask. At times the cards may require obtaining objects not found in the game box.Despite the instructions to the contrary, I have also played this with only two players. Sometimes it works better than other times, depending on what cards are drawn. But we've never had trouble improvising to change it into a two-player game. However, it's definitely more fun with extra people.Sometimes I've played Quelf and really liked it, and other times I've felt that it had me running around in circles! Perhaps the best one word description for Quelf is ""hectic."" The game requires people to be willing to go about looking for things around the house in order to complete the directions on the cards. It's not a game where you can sit down and relax. It also requires a lot of memorization as to which cards are in play, potentially leaving players feeling frazzled. However, sometimes the play is more relaxed, and you may not have to get up to find anything around the house or memorize a lot of rules. As advertised, it really is like playing a different game each time you get it out of the box. In the end, that's really part of its charm!"

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.052363622933626175,0.0510808601975441,0.04833519086241722,0.04921582713723183,0.05101757124066353,0.04986611753702164,0.04756821319460869,0.0501362681388855,0.050570856779813766,0.05201070383191109,0.04934646189212799,0.05006265267729759,0.050620198249816895,0.051195405423641205,0.0502639003098011,0.052556902170181274,0.04836362227797508,0.04875807836651802,0.04794759303331375,0.04871996119618416
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
"This board game is simple to learn and play.  Following all the silly rules without laughing, however, will not be easy.Quelf takes a standard board game approach of rolling a dice, landing on colored squares, and drawing cards with instructions on them.  There are 5 different categories.  The blue category, ""Roolz"" is dreaded and funny at the same time, as it introduces some silly rule you or maybe all players will have to follow.  For example, when it was a certain person's turn, I had to breathe like Darth Vader and mumble things about The Dark Side.  If I forgot to do this, I had to go back a space.  Half way through the game you have quite a few of these rules in place, and you get to call other players on their mistakes when they forget.  ""When it is not your turn, you must be holding something larger than a fist in your left hand"".The yellow cards have people doing various silly stunts, which tends to break the ice and get everybody to come out of their shell.Overall this is a fun, if not excessively silly game, which is great for a party you want to liven up.  I imagine the game is more fun after a few drinks.Likes:- Quick and easy to play.  Simple rules, hardly any set up.- Very silly.  Everybody laughed a lot.- Encourages interaction, gets people to know each other better.  You may have to kiss another player on the cheek or risk going back a couple of spaces as a penalty.Dislikes:- The game pieces need to be redesigned.  They are tall cardboard cutouts held up only by a tiny slide-on plastic foot.  They constantly fall over and you can't read the name on the bottom (as the plastic foot covers it).Verdict: 4-4.5 stars"
"This is a fun, typical Cranium-Style, board game; we find it best with 4 or more players.  You roll the dice, move your character, and land on spaces that correspond with one of 4 kinds of cards.  ""Complete"" your card and move forward (or fail and move backwards).  The object is simply to get to the finish first.CARDS:ROOLZ: eg End every sentence with ""Hear me, I have spoken""STUNTZ: eg Make a face, if anyone laughs you avoid the penaltyQUIZZLE: some real trivia (name the planets), some brain teasersSCATTERBRANZ: Family-Feud Style that everyone answers: eg Things that deflateIt's a lot of fun, great for family holidays or groups of teenagers, but we find that when there are too few players, some of the cards don't 'work'- because everyone knows what you are trying to do.BOTTOM LINE:  Lots of laughs, but the more the merrier!!!"
This may be a bit obvious, but I have to say it...This is a fun, silly, sometimes outrageous game, in which everyone is required to make a fool of themselves from time to time. So it's perfect for groups where everyone is relaxed and comfortable with each other, but if you're thinking about using it in a setting with uptight people, with introverts (especially ones who don't know you yet), or at a place where people are likely to care about the impression they make (such as a work party), you'll do best to leave this one on the shelf.
"Things we had to do in a game of Quelf last week:* Someone had a card that told them to go to the bathroom, lock the door, and don't talk until someone came* Assigned ""endearing"" nicknames for each player - one space penalty anytime a real name was used* When two people were on the same space, a quick draw contest took place to see who stayed there* Had to go around the room and offer honest criticism of one player until we ran out* Also: Human boomerang, a pitch to pick your nose, laughter for no reason, .68 cents, a hammer, a book, keys on top of a head, and much moreIf this sounds like the kind of game you would like, then pick this one up. Its a lot of fun. If it sounds like the kind of game you would hate, then you fit into my category - pick it up anyways. I normally enjoy games of strategy (The Settlers of Catan,Monopoly, &Scrabble Crossword Game), but this was really a fun game to play with new friends. It will help you get to know a group of people much faster and get you out of your comfort zone on the first roll. The designers of Quelf did a great job of breaking out of the board game, and its a blast to play.Quote from my wife - ""I was pretty sure I did not like that game, but once it was over I realized I have not laughed that hard during a board game . . . ever.""One caveat: the pieces have a base that is too small. They easily fall over, especially if you have a ceiling fan in the room."
"Quelf is a recipe for a wacky fun time, but is a game that is much better played just for the experience than to win. The whole game should be taken lightly and played with a huge grain of salt. However, if taken with that spirit this game can be a side-splitting good time.Now, it works like a simplified version of Cranium, each player rolls a die, moves that many spaces, and draws a card based on the color of the space. The categories of these cards are: Stuntz, Showbiz, Quizzle, Rulez, and Scatterbrainz... and that is where the similarities to Cranium fade away. The tasks and questions and rules you must follow inspire zany activity and hilarious memories. I still vividly remember my mother-in-law breathing like Darth Vader during my husband's turns for half the game or everyone at the table shouting out things you could use to secure a live chicken to your forehead before I just couldn't think of anything else and we all laughed for a while at everything that we'd come up with beforehand (someone even said ""staples!"" ouch!). You also may find yourself running about for pencils (not included, but needed), playing hide-and-go-seek with adults, or convincing everyone at the table to run outside with you.Some of the activities may make some people uncomfortable, so graciously allowing them another card draw is all part of the light spirit, but helps encourage the fun and laughter to continue for everyone. For a party game playing from 3 to 8 this can be a blast and does run about an hour. Despite all the penalties and silliness, it often ends up surprisingly balanced with my husband winning only by 2-4 spaces over the rest of us. I highly recommend this game for a good laugh with groups of people who know each other, even if only casually.Lastly, a brief mention of the components. The character stand-ups are brightly colored and quite thematic, sharing the wacky quirks of the whole game with a banana-wielding monkey ninja to a hill-billy biscuit farmer. The die and board are standard fare and sturdy. The timer with the game works well. However, the cards (while there's a lot of them in the five colors mentioned) are a touch thinner than playing cards and have square-edges so I expect will show wear quickly. This said I really don't think this will detract from the game play at all, especially if going just for the fun of it!"
Quelf is a fun goofy board game, perfect for large groups of people who do not take themselves too seriously. It is most like Cranium but much wackier. I really enjoyed this game and so did my friends but there were a few heated moments when playing.The game has five different category cards and they are all pretty self-explanatory. It's a fun game if you just want to chill and play a board game. There is no strategy involved and you do not have to be particularly smart. I usually prefer thinking and strategy games and that is why this game didn't get 5 stars from me.I do believe this is a game I will get a lot of use from and my friends also thinking it would make a fun drinking game.
This is fun for the entire family.Three to to 8 people can play and there are 8 cute, funky characters to choose from.Five different colors indicate 5 different categories of questions.Showbiz  : mimic, sing, draw,etc what is indicated on card.Stuntz  : physical moves,maybe embarrassing, but fun.Roolz  : allows you to set your own maybe ridiculous rules during the game.Scatterbrainz : you choose the ridiculous topicQuizzle  : questions which may be silly or quite challenging.Fun and possibilities are endless. You'll never play the game the same, in fact each playing experience may be far different from previous times.It is a fun, silly, sometimes embarrassing, but always entertaining, wholesome family/friend fun.
This is a fun game to play. It's more fun if you have more players than just two, but even with two it's entertaining. Taking the time to read the cards and other details made this game even more fun. The rules are a little obscure and thus confusing, though I think they made them obscure on purpose. It's sort of a make-it-up-as-you-go type of game. If you like rigid rules, stay away from this game.
We tried this at a neighborhood get together. It was a combination of questions and stunts. It was not really enjoyed by many. Most felt a little self-conscious about the stunts. Unless you have a wild and rowdy bunch, this is probably not the game to buy.
This game comes with 5 sets of category cards, a playing board, a dice, a timer and 8 different characters. As you move your character around the board, you do what is on the card that corresponds with the space you land on. The Quelf effect on each card sometimes just added a fun, random element to the game.  All the different characters that you play are a lot of fun and very creative.  The game can be slow moving at times but the group we played it will all said they would definitely play it again. This will be a permanent part of our party games repertoire from this day forward!My only wish for this game would be that they would make a better grid inside the box for storing the cards and other pieces so that they don't have to be sorted out each time we play.
"Period, this is an awesome game for people who like quirky games!  Its like Cranium, only the zaniness has been pumped up on steroids!!!!  I love it!!!  It is so much fun to play with other friends who don't mind making silly noises or doing silly things for the sake of having a great time!This is The just a silly game!  One example of one of the silly things you may have to do STUNTZ:""Without laughing, perform the children's game 'Head, Shoulders, Knees, and Toes,' while taking your best stab at singing the well-know children's song in the foreign language of your choice.  Don't know any foreign languages?  Make one up!""Lol, it's pretty entertaining watching someone trying to do that one without laughing, its one of my favorite cards in the game!  :D  Some of the cards have consequences called ""Quelf Effects"", not all of them do, but make sure when you play to check the Quelf effect when performing the acts on the card, it can make it more challenging/fun!  And enjoy!!!God Bless ~Amy"
A bunch of us decided to play a game and I brought this out for testing. In no time we were all laughing our heads off. This game was hilarious to play and so much fun we decided to play the next night. Yes it was as much fun playing that night also and the next 5 times we played.
"This is a game where you have to sort of perform little actions/activities from cards. Silly things. And if you draw one that isn't possible (some are a little elaborate or not appropriate to the player) you just pick again. No biggie. My family plays this game together. We dont' really play it with some boring members of our extended family, because they are really no fun. You have to sort of be in a goofy non-adult mood to play this. No sticks-in-the-mud allowed! ha ha!!I wish I still had groups of silly friends (and some cocktails!) with whom to play this...but times have changed to where I spend most of my time with my family. What I do like about this game, is that it gives me, my husband, and my kids an excuse to not be serious. To laugh and act goofy. Why not!? Even my tweens (who sometimes only want to be ""cool"") get to break out of that and be silly. THAT is worth the price to me tenfold!"
The game reminds me of cranium with different types of questions and tasks.The randomness of the tasks are fun.We drew one of the cards that people had to repeat a certain phrase after every sentence. Fun for a while...but that got old real quick. After a while, we were thinking, boy when will this be over. Other players just stopped paying attention to that rule.The board has a little rainbow colored path to follow which is reminiscent of the Yellow Brick Road from the Wizard of Oz.Your board game character progresses along the path until reaching the end.Because the game started to drag a bit, we decided to end it early.We were playing the the maximum number of players (eight).In a smaller group, the game play would go faster, so if you've got a large group, this might not be the game to play.But otherwise, for a smaller group, it'd work just fine. The tasks were fun and interesting, and a was fun to play something different than Cranium which we've played a lot.
"Quelf is a new board game that makes no sense at all but is wholesome family fun. In this game it really doesn't matter whether you win or lose, it just matters that you play the game. If you don't mind doing stupid things that might make you look foolish then you'll love this game. If you're willing to let loose and have fun with your kids, the kind of fun that they'll remember, then you need this game. Some of the cards may require you to refer to another player as , ""her royal highness"" for the duration of the game, if you forget, you lose your turn. At one point during the game I had to get on the floor while my friend talked to me like I was a dog and I had to do dog tricks. Silly, pointless and fun. Kids will love this game."
"To play Quelf, it's important to gather around a group of people--larger is better--who aren't afraid of being silly and possibly (make that probably!) embarrassing themselves! Creativity is also extremely important, since the cards often call for outside items to be used, and if they're not handy, players must improvise.To play, a person rolls a die and goes forward a number of spaces. The space the player lands on is color-coded and applies to a specific card deck. Each turn requires picking up a card from a color-coded deck, and the cards are important for gameplay. Failing at what a card says to do results in a punishment of going back a number of spaces. Sometimes the cards are extremely involved, so make sure you read them in their entirety--and you'll probably have to continue referring to some of them throughout the game. One time when we played, someone kept speaking in grunts for the whole game, creating a lot of confusion. In reality, the card allowed for one-word sentences and also allowed the player under that rule to speak when necessary. So don't skim those cards! I'll take a few moments to talk about how each card color/category adds to the game.* Blue cards are special cards, yet the most challenging, since they add new rules (er, Roolz) to the game. A blue card can be quite embarrassing, since it gives a rule that must be followed, perhaps until your next turn, or maybe even until the end of the game! The type of card you get will be random, so there have been times I've played and never had to go by an added rule in the game. This can at times seem unfair, if other players have to remember multiple rules at constant risk of failing and incurring a penalty. This category has been the least favorite among players here, but it can also cause the most laughs for those who don't get the cards!* Green cards are quiz questions, or ""Quizzle."" The person whose turn it is may not look at the card. Another player must ask him or her the quiz question.* Purple cards, called ""Showbiz,"" require acting skills. Sometimes they're timed, and sometimes not.* Red cards are ""Scatter Brainz."" They're really fun. Players go around in a circle listing items within a certain category, chosen from two suggestions found on the card. When the game of Quelf finally draws to a close, the person trying to win must say two items in a row for each category, instead of one.* Yellow cards are called ""Stuntz."" These are usually mini challenges, such as spinning a coin or making a Halloween mask. At times the cards may require obtaining objects not found in the game box.Despite the instructions to the contrary, I have also played this with only two players. Sometimes it works better than other times, depending on what cards are drawn. But we've never had trouble improvising to change it into a two-player game. However, it's definitely more fun with extra people.Sometimes I've played Quelf and really liked it, and other times I've felt that it had me running around in circles! Perhaps the best one word description for Quelf is ""hectic."" The game requires people to be willing to go about looking for things around the house in order to complete the directions on the cards. It's not a game where you can sit down and relax. It also requires a lot of memorization as to which cards are in play, potentially leaving players feeling frazzled. However, sometimes the play is more relaxed, and you may not have to get up to find anything around the house or memorize a lot of rules. As advertised, it really is like playing a different game each time you get it out of the box. In the end, that's really part of its charm!"
"Beware: This hilarious, outrageous game will have tears streaming down your face and may cause stomach pains the next day from laughing so hard!A new board game that gives Family Game Night a new meaning.  With outrageous characters such as:Mr. LugnutSuper Ninja MonkeyThe DudeThe Biscuit FarmerQueen SpatulaBatbileg ChinzorigMrs. Pickle FeatherThe PlatypusYou move your selected character around a lively board and discover bizarre things will start to happen at once, randomly and sporadically. Just be sure to read the mini-biography on each of the characters before you play because the character you choose really adds to the game play. Quelf is a ""keep you on your toes"" kind of game. The more people who play the game the better the outcome. You'll find no matter how many times you play, the game play will be different each time. It's the perfect game for families, close friends or mere acquaintances. You may answer hilarious trivia questions, perform entertaining stunts, role play with your opponents and be down right silly. To make it even more fun, make sure you have a good mix of personalities playing. It's amazing how much this game will draw out the best in everyone. You'll be entertained with challenges like  asking permission from your shoe before speaking, hold random household items in your hand, wrap your face up like a mummy with whatever is available, perform your best opera voice while singing about your pet or recite certain phrases each time the doorbell rings. Good luck trying to keep a straight face playing this game.For our exchange student's ""going away"" party, we brought out Quelf. Within minutes, all 30 people (some spectators) were laughing uncontrollably. Many of our friends ended up buying their own Quelf game.  It lists for just under $25 on Amazon and is well worth every penny of that. So stop reading this review and purchase your own never-ending box of fun! Then invite your friends and family over for an outstanding game night."
My family had much fun playing this game.  We were laughing so hard almost the entire game.  It sure makes you do some crazy things.  Things that you wouldn't normally do which can cause quite a bit of embarrassment.  My husband was prepared to pass on many things because he didn't think he'd be willing to make a fool of himself but not one of us passed on anything.  It wasn't as bad as we thought it may be.Some of the cards were a bit confusing at times and we weren't 100% sure what needed to be done but we improvised and did what we thought was intended.  I also think the box should've been designed a big differently.  You have 5 large stack of cards in different colors so I feel as though there should've been slotted spots to put the cards into so they don't all get mixed up when not in use.The game took our family of 4 about and hour to complete and we enjoyed every minute of it.  This game would be a lot of fun to play at family get-togethers.  I would recommend this game to those that enjoy having fun and playing games.  It's loads of fun.
"This is definitely better than the Jr. version (i.e. ""Quelf Jr."").  In this version, you roll the die and then move your character that number of spaces on the board.  You draw a card based on the color of the tile you land on.  Different colored cards do different things: Blue is a ""Roolz"" card that does things like ""Whenever you take a drink, you must toast 'Here's to faraway lands and long ago times!'  Anyone else who has a drink must return the toast"".  ""Roolz"" can affect everyone (such as this example) or just the player who drew it.  Red is a ""Scatter Brain"" card that requires you to pick one of the 2 topics on the card and then go around in a circle naming things in that category.  For example, ""types of marshal arts OR characters in Star Wars"".  You must pick one, give an answer and then the next person has to say something else in that Category.  The player that takes longer than 10 seconds, says something not in the category, or repeats a previous answer must move back.  Purple cards are ""ShowBiz"" cards that require you to do something like ""Pretend you are an airline pilot.  The player to your right is a flight attendant.  Do the preflight safety announcements while the flight attendant acts them out"".  Green is a quiz where you have to answer some random question and yellow is a stunt ""Touch the player to your right's elbow with your foot, and the player to your left's knee with your right hand and then empty your pockets.""The game is silly and if you have the right group of people, it can be rather entertaining.  If you are playing with persons who are quiet or reserved, it may just turn out to be painful.  There are a couple of PG rated cards (""list types of underwear"" or ""hold your nose, look around and make someone believe that one of your neighbors has bad gas while you read this card"") but nothing too obscene.Game play can be accelerated by using 2 dice instead of the single die provided, which I would recommend, but that's just me.If you and the group of people you plan to play with are the silly, performing types, then I think you'll get a kick out of this game.  If you aren't... well, it isn't bad, but it may not be the best use of your time."
My son had played this game at a friend's house and raved about how fun it was.  Yes it's fun but it works best if it's an all teens or fairly grown up group.  The older kids were not very happy playing this just with our family.  The younger kids didn't mix in well( that's why they now have the Junior version).  I think this game is played best a little later in the evening as it requires some silly activities and actions and you'd better be ready to dance, jump and take your socks off in public! A definite ice breaker and active party game!
