Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
"If you've finally come around to the reality that ""great price"" when it comes to toys is synonymous with junk, than consider this lovely, durable doll when looking for a stuffed animal for your child.  With a plush exterior that begs to be cuddled -- my son loves to nuzzle it! -- and quality manufacture, this item is well worth the price.  Already I can tell that indie will hold up to the daily abuse that comes with rough play and be around for a long time to come."

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.07493547350168228,0.08060822635889053,0.07577986270189285,0.0724542886018753,0.08095376938581467,0.0757470652461052,0.07685214281082153,0.07642436772584915,0.07697216421365738,0.07563824206590652,0.07696863263845444,0.07967611402273178,0.07698971033096313
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
This cute kitty is very well made and is much larger than I thought it would be! Very well stuffed and can be played with a lot without any seams coming undone. Great for even the youngest of children. Very soft with a high quality design. This plush Indie scaredy-cat doll looks to be even better quality than the puppet in the show. A great gift for the little one who loves Juno Baby!Update 7/15/2013: This little stuffed plush kitty went from my daughter's room over the years to become the favorite toy of our female lab. She LOVES this stuffed cat. I think it's because the short pile of the fur doesn't come out and get stuck in her mouth when she's carrying it. She even keeps it in her dog bed at night. One night some time ago she wasn't feeling well and while carrying it, she got sick...all over it. She was SO upset and just sat looking at it, not knowing what to do. After years of kids playing with it, and then her carrying it and playing tug of war with it, the plush dolly had finally started to show wear and come apart some. So when she got sick on it, it couldn't really be washed as it was even on the inside of the the cotton. She was devastated that I had to throw it away. Thankfully, years later they are still selling these dolls on Amazon. I ordered her another one and she's never been happier. She gave herself a tail cramp wagging her tail so hard when the new kitty arrived. She was so upset over losing the last one, I just ordered and received a 3rd one as well. Just to keep as a back up in case anything ever happens to this second one. I never knew how much this little plush kitty would be loved when I got it 3 years ago!
My favorite cousin went and had a baby on my birthday. I figure that makes it partially mine. I had a friend who told me the Juno Baby collection was wonderful, so I was thrilled to have the chance to try it myself. I gotIndie's Great Teddy Bear Huntvideo and I figured this plush would make a perfect addition.Indie was so incredibly soft, and I do love cats so very much, I was tempted to keep it for myself. Indie has a bean bag bottom, so he sits up on his own. He is very well made and just the right size for a cuddle. Indie is impossible to not fall in love with!
This is a very nicely constructed stuffed animal.It's approximately 8 inches tall, with satisfying weight to the fabric and stuffing.  It's nice and soft, and seems much more durable than most stuffed animals I've seen sold these days.  I think the cute bowtie and cat stripes are attractive, but that's just my opinion.  The bottom feels 'beanie', and helps it stand, but is not a hindrance to sleeping with the doll.  It's very cozy to snuggle with.  The limbs are secure, and the eyes are not the type that can be removed and swallowed, but rather are stitching (not a stitched on fabric, but stitching itself).  Even a very young child is unlikely to remove any part of this except (just maybe) the long striped tail.I am not familiar with the accompanying storybooks, but I can vouch for the quality of the doll.  It's just one of those toys that is built to last a long time, and probably become a valued reminder of childhood as your loved one grows, because you won't have to throw it away like broken dolls.You can buy a cheaper doll, and replace it, or give your child something they will treasure for the rest of their life.
I'll preface this by saying I personally prefer realistic looking stuffed animals, however as most children my daughters gravitate towards familiarity and since we've become new fans of the Juno dvd's this little guy fits in perfectly with our collection of other licensed critters (backyardigans, yo gabba gabba, blues clues etc). When compared to the others we have he does stand out, he seems made out of highly quality items, is softer and more huggable, and is a good deal larger then what you usually find for licensed animals, of course he also costs more.I do like that the eyes/whiskers etc are sewn on, making me more comfortable with my 8 month old playing with it... that is if I could get it back out of my 6 1/2yr old daughter's room. She won't openly admit to actually liking the Juno series (other then saying the songs and dancing around to them with mom is fun) but somehow this little guy keeps getting from the baby's room back to hers LOLCute stuffed animal, well made, nice size... if you have a Juno/Indie loving child in your family I think they'd be thrilled to receive him... heck he's even cute enough for an adult to sit on an office shelf etc.
"If you've finally come around to the reality that ""great price"" when it comes to toys is synonymous with junk, than consider this lovely, durable doll when looking for a stuffed animal for your child.  With a plush exterior that begs to be cuddled -- my son loves to nuzzle it! -- and quality manufacture, this item is well worth the price.  Already I can tell that indie will hold up to the daily abuse that comes with rough play and be around for a long time to come."
My granddaughter, who is 2 1/2, loved Indie when introduced to Indie, and slept with Indie right next to her on her pillow the night she met Indie. When we looked in on her in the morning, she was holding Indie in her sleep. A few hours later we noticed that Indie's tail was broken - it had opened up so the stuffing could come out. Whatever may have caused this to happen, this should not happen with a doll at this price point. On this basis I would not recommend this toy; there are more durable stuffed dolls on the market.
The Indie Plush Doll is a cute and cuddly critter, perfect for infants and toddlers.  It is well-made, soft and large enough to cuddle with, and children will love the fact that Indie from the DVDs can be their own personal pal.
Not much to say about the toy. Seems very well made, has a little bean bag feel to it on the bottom area, so it will stand in place if needed.My newborn seems to stare at it and enjoy it, so bonus points for that. Their is no stitched on eyeballs, so safe for all ages.Overall, a great doll, and if you buy it, a great cause since they donate a dvd to those in need.
I don't know much about Juno Baby at all since I do not have children but I got it for my little cousin who loves it. I can however comment on the quality of the Indie plush doll. The quality of this plush is wonderful and a lot better than I expected. It seems like it is made of heavy duty soft fabric and it is stuffed very well which you do not find much nowadays. It has beans in the bottom so it can sit up by itself which is great. The plush is also a lot bigger than I expected so it is well worth the price in my opinion. If you have a young child that is a fan of Juno Baby or kitty cats then this Indie plush doll will make the perfect gift.
This little kitty is one I don't mind having in my house. It's great for my allergies and quiets the little ones when they get upset. My grandaughter loves to cuddle with it when she is tired and plays with it when she is up. It's a hardy all around nice toy for little ones :p
My children fell in love with Juno Baby since they were first exposed to the DVD.  My daughter keeps asking me if she can visit Juno, how old is she, what school does she go to, etc. Both my sons are addicted to the music! Indie, which is excellent quality (def not cheaply made like the stuffed toys you get at carnivals) soon became my son's best friend and is his sleep buddy!  The plush is a great toy to have when the kids are watching the DVDs.  Highly recommend!
"As someone who sews stuffed animals, I'm easily disappointed with the quality of mass-made ones. Not so with Indie--he's nicer quality than the stuffed animals I can make! The plush is dense, short, and high quality. The yellow stripes aren't painted on or iron-ons. Instead, they're plush appliques with tightly stitched zig-zag stitches holding them on. The tail is an example of the attention to detail. To create stripes, it's made up of two different fabrics, using nine pieces of fabric just for the tail! Indie can sit easily due to containing plastic pellets in his bottom, accompanied with sewn darts that help make it flat. Some companies skimp on stuffing, but he's packed pretty firmly in the head and torso, with the limbs being sparsely stuffed.Aside from quality as a factor, Indie also appears to be made with children's safety in mind. All of the embroidery stitches are tightly done with a short stitch length. A lot of companies use a long stitch length for embroidery, which cuts down on costs and time, but makes for easier-to-snag stitches. His eyes are embroidered (making them much safer for small children than plastic so-called ""safety eyes""), as are his other facial features, belly button, and stripes.The stuffed Indie looks a lot like the Juno Baby puppet version, though I think the stuffed animal version is cuter. With the stuffed animal, in contrast to his Juno Baby counterpart, the whiskers don't extend past the head (since they're embroidered directly onto the fabric), his stripes are lighter yellow, and the black part of his mouth is missing. The tail also ends with the wrong stripe shade, at least in the version I have, but it's doubtful this would matter to anyone.The only negative I can say about Indie is that he's surface washable only. Since he's intended for young children, machine washability would be a lot more desirable.This would be a great gift idea for a very young child, especially if given along with Indie's Great Teddy Bear Hunt, which is the DVD title Indie stars in. Now Juno Baby just has to do a plush version of Rai Rai--he's adorable!"
No bells or whistles, this Indie Plush Doll is really cute and really soft.It has a heavier bean bag bottom to make it able to sit up, plus it just gives it a little heft to make it more cuddly.Great little toy for one year and up
