Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
All I have to say is wow! I just completed one of Ravensburger's 2000 piece underwater puzzles and that was an experience and not to attempt to complete a 9000 piece puzzle is going to be a treat for the whole family.Ravensburger makes puzzles that are not only fun but challenging. The colors on bright and although the pieces are small, they are sturdy enough and interlock quite nicely. Since this is a huge puzzle, they have separated into two bags, so that one bag consists of the left side of the puzzle and the other, the right sides. You can do one side on a large table and then the next side and then assemble the whole puzzle. They also supply a poster of the finished picture which will be helpful. We as a family are going to use our ping pong table to assemble this gigantic puzzle!

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.10393363237380981,0.09520241618156433,0.09520936757326126,0.09766669571399689,0.09938990324735641,0.10215980559587479,0.10318247228860855,0.10191983729600906,0.0981353297829628,0.10320059955120087
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
All I have to say is wow! I just completed one of Ravensburger's 2000 piece underwater puzzles and that was an experience and not to attempt to complete a 9000 piece puzzle is going to be a treat for the whole family.Ravensburger makes puzzles that are not only fun but challenging. The colors on bright and although the pieces are small, they are sturdy enough and interlock quite nicely. Since this is a huge puzzle, they have separated into two bags, so that one bag consists of the left side of the puzzle and the other, the right sides. You can do one side on a large table and then the next side and then assemble the whole puzzle. They also supply a poster of the finished picture which will be helpful. We as a family are going to use our ping pong table to assemble this gigantic puzzle!
This is the largest puzzle I have ever tried to assemble, and it's quite an experience. I've you're used to the 2,000 piece and under puzzles, it's something to try at least once.If you're considering this as a gift to a serious puzzler, it comes beautifully boxed -- the paper has almost a satin finish.  It's on the heavy side, which is understandable.  The image is beautiful, and gradiated, so it's a little less daunting that would first appear.  It progresses evenly from the lightest to the darkest colors.Just keep the size in mind.  This isn't something the kids can play with and put away.  It's going to need someplace to stay while it's being worked on.  It's not going to fit in any puzzle board out there.  It's big enough, space is a concern.Also, if you're going to glue it, assemble it on the surface you'll glue it to.  This is going to be a nightmare to shove butcher paper under after the fact.  I picked up three yards of fabric for the job.It's hands down my favorite puzzle ever, which is a good thing, since I think I'll finish it in 2017 if I'm lucky (I'm writing this review in June, 2012).
My 7 year old son and my mother-in-law have been doing puzzles together for years.  At 2 years old, my son was doing any kids puzzle he could get his hands on and was starting to help with the harder ones my mother-in-law does.  Now, they race to see who can do a 1000 piece puzzle the fastest.  So, when I had the opportunity to get a 9000 piece puzzle for them, I jumped at it, especially since they both love the underwater themed ones.  It has been a few days now and they have the perimeter done and much of the inside as well.  They're having fun together which is all that I was looking to get out of it.  I do want to mention though that this is a very large puzzle so if you do not have a large space to put it together, you may want to pass.  I know it seems like a lot of money for a puzzle and if I didn't get this one as a vine trial, I wouldn't have purchased it, but now that they have it, I will look for more Ravensburger puzzles.  It is truely that nice.
I do prefer Ravensburger jigsaw puzzles to all others, so when offered a 9000 piece puzzle, I thought it would be entertaining for some time and I wouldn't have to purchase other puzzles.  Having completed many 1000 to 1500 piece puzzles and recently a single 5000 piece puzzle, it seemed approachable. Since I already knew the puzzle would arrive in two separate bags, each containing half the 6 foot puzzle, I'd prepared two large pieces of sturdy board, intending to stack one atop the other should I decide to work them simultaneously.  Still far from being assembled, I've chosen to review this luscious puzzle now, rather than writing about the afterglow experienced with the sight of the fully completed project.  I wish someone would actually post a video review of their completed puzzle, cause it is likely coated with tears dripped at the moment at which the final piece (or two or three) were placed in their empty space/s.  Mine will be.9000 pieces are a lot of pieces to assemble, so if you're interested in a quick fix, I'd recommend selecting another Ravensburger puzzle, as they fit well, feel good in the hand, offer myriad images, and can be disassembled and redone at will without deterioration to the stock.  It doesn't have to be Ravensburger, but they sure do make quality puzzles.  Should you be interested in a puzzle of this 9000 piece magnitude, I'd recommend ONLY a Ravensburger puzzle because it will withstand the touching and retouching of the pieces which you'll find necessary over the days/weeks required for its completion.  By stacking the two halves, workspace can be saved, as can sanity because it's an emotional experience that becomes half as intimidating.As for the image inUnderwater Paradise 9000 Piece Puzzle, you can't get more soothing and refreshing simultaneously than the marine life portrayed.  It is really beautiful and would likely make a dreary winter pass more quickly.  Like I do with books, I intend to continue working on smaller puzzles while completing this behemoth jigsaw puzzle.  (Never thought I'd consider using that adjective for a puzzle).  Since I've only worked one puzzle that I broke apart before completion, this, too will be done.I would recommend this puzzle to a group of people as opposed to a single puzzle assembler because of its size.  It is really fun to piece together as a team.  A science class could keep it going for some time, I'm sure, and having the included large poster as a blueprint definitely assists in working smaller sections.
"Yes, this puzzle is huge, but it isn't as intimidating as we first thought. We actually had a much smaller puzzle (2000 pieces) that was more difficult for us to complete, because it was visually BORING and monotonous. We nicknamed that one ""SOUL CRUSHER.""Instead, Ravensburger provides a detailed poster of this bright, visually diverse underwater scene that has been a pleasure to put together. The two large plastic puzzle bags are organized by left and right halves of the image. The box is sturdy enough with a lid, so storage isn't an issue.However, you will need a LOT of floor space AND a floor covering (like a large bed sheet), since it gives warning of possible floor damage if assembled directly on the floor. Puzzle is 6X4.5 feet.Add to that enough space to walk around it and sit on all sides in a place that can be mostly undisturbed for weeks. So, I can mostly recommend this 9000 piece puzzle for households that can block off a room or an area big enough to accommodate. However, this colorful sea life paradise would be much too tempting for toddlers if one could not."
After cutting our teeth on the 5000-piece Rizzi City puzzle, we were ready to tackle this monster.  It comes in a huge, sturdy (even by Ravensburger standards), heavy box that contains 2 bags each containing half of the puzzle, plus a helpful poster of the result. So really, it's like doing 2 of the Rizzi.  The colors are brilliant and well-printed.Don't underestimate how much space this will take up, and if you're thinking of gluing your finished work together, be sure to assemble the puzzle on whatever backing you're going to glue it on (we learned that the hard way with the Rizzi puzzle). And as I wrote in the Rizzi review, large flat boxes such as Rubbermaid under-bed storage boxes come in handy for storing pieces for easy digging.
I thought this Underwater Paradise puzzle might be too much for us: a 9,000 piece puzzle... what have we gotten ourselves into? But we loved doing it. You need a large space because the puzzle itself comes out to be 6 x 4 1/2 feet, but once you find the perfect spot, the rest is easy. But remember, it's going to take time to do it, so find the right spot!They supply you with a colorful, poster sized picture of the puzzle. The puzzle wasn't boring to put together, probably because of all the sea life, the colors and the underwater theme. Ravensberger did a great job of finding just the right picture for such a complex puzzle. I highly recommend this to puzzle lovers.
"I am a puzzle maniac, having assembled jigsaw puzzles from 100 to 9000 pieces (a 13200 pieces is in the queue and I am really going to the 18,000 and 32,000 pieces from Ravensburger in the future...). Some of them were 3D puzzles, like the Taj Mahal, US Capitol, Neuschwanstein Castle, Big Ben, etc. This one in particular is a very high quality product from Ravensburger (as usual), all the pieces have an excellent finishing and they stick together very well. I usually assemble this size of puzzles on plywood boards (4' x 8' x 5/32"") that I pre-cut at the size of the puzzle plus 1 inch extra on each side... This is heavy and a little expensive, but gives excellent support and for this size of puzzle I need this extra support. You might be able to accommodate up to a 6,000 piece in one of those 4'x 8' (feet) boards. For this puzzle I had to cut and put together an extension on the plywood as this puzzle exceeded the 96"" x 48"". I am working on the puzzle for 3 weeks and I am not done. My estimate is that it will take a total of 12 weeks to finish with this puzzle.I highly recommend Ravensburger products for the excellent quality to everyone that enjoys challenges alone or with the whole family. It is a guaranteed entertainment for hours, listening to music or talking in family environment.Amazon.com was kind enough to provide this product for me through their Vine Program for reviewing and I was not request to provide a positive review. Opinions expressed here are my own."
I know Ravensburger Puzzles are expensive, but worth every penny as they are simply The Best. We have bought them before but never in this huge 9000 piece size. For those not familiar with Ravensburger Puzzles, they are made of the finest sturdy cardboard, hand cut in Germany with such a razor sharp cutter that they leave no cardboard dust and the pieces have an unbelievably tight fit. They have no competitors, as no one comes close to their hand workmanship, bold colors and quality.The 9000 pieces in this puzzle come in 2 bags- each makes half the puzzle. This makes it so much easier to work on, as we bought 2 pieces of cardboard from our craft store- each a little over 3 feet by 2 feet, to assemble each half on. This half size easily fits on our kitchen table and can be moved easily as well when it's on the cardboard. Included with the 2 puzzle bags is a 3 foot poster of the puzzle to assist you in assembling the beautifully colored pieces. When we were finished with both halves, the full 6 foot 4 inch by 4 1/2 foot puzzle took our breath away! The bold, vivid colors on this large size of all the underwater life looks like a breathtaking work of art just waiting to brighten up a wall in your home.We decided to put it up on a wall, right behind the children's aquarium- talk about stunning! The only thing we had to decide, is do we use glue to permanently seal it before hanging, or do we seal it tightly in plastic from our local art store, then hang it. The kids said they wanted it in plastic, as they may want to do the puzzle again someday- so it is sealed tightly in plastic against cardboard, framed and hung. If you want this permanently glued, as many people do, all you need to do is buy MasterPieces Puzzle Glue, or any other good puzzle glue and a brush. (I never use the cardboard glue applicators, as the brush is much better). One 5 ounce bottle will seal a 2000 piece puzzle, so you'll need 4 or 5 bottles. You can spread this glue on the front, back or both sides for a permanent bond. It dries clear, so you don't even see the glue.This 9000 piece high quality Ravensburger Puzzle is worth every cent for the enjoyment of creating a bold, big, beautiful underwater work of art, but what you ultimately gain when you are finished is a gorgeous stunning large wall covering for a bare wall in your home, and that alone is worth the price of these high quality puzzles!
Wow. I've never seen a puzzle this big. The box alone is beautiful and sturdy, around the size of a boot box and contains 2 large plastic bags of puzzle pieces. . The picture is sea life, dolphins and tropical fish, beautiful coral reefs. This puzzle is NOT for the amateur or casual puzzle person; this puzzle takes commitment. And a lot of space! It is larger in height than I am! Be sure to have plenty of space to work on this puzzle, as my family figured out about 40 minutes into working on the puzzle.But it is beautiful and the craftsmanship is amazing; this is not a cheap puzzle. It is from Germany and the slip of paper inside says it is one of the largest manufactured puzzle around. If you have a lot of time on your hands, and space, and a ton of perseverance, this puzzle is for you. However, I believe that after putting it together you will want to invest in the glue to preserve this puzzle forever and prove to others that you did indeed put the entire thing together. The instructions says that it takes about 14 ounces of Ravensurger puzzle conserver to glue it together.As of writing this review, we are still in the process of completing it an having a lot of fun in the process. It really is a beautiful puzzle and I'm sure when we finish it we will feel a huge sense of accomplishment! I'll update and hope to upload a few photos when it is completed.
