Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
This is an absolutely awesome fire truck!  Lights, sounds, the whole works!  You don't need to know anything about the Hero World/Rescue Heroes series.  There's an included DVD, but there's no need for it to be able to play with the toy.  It's just a great truck.It's very durable, so a two year old can beat it up but still survive.  Most things are nice and big so a little kid can grab them easily.  It's tough to load the gun, but since I don't want my little man using the gun, I'm not unhappy.  I actually ended up taking away the bullets...  sorry, water projectiles.I rated this a two for education because, well, I don't see how it is at all educational, other than for some fine motor skills.  That's no cause for concern: I didn't get this with the intention of it being educational.  It's a fire truck.  It's for playing fireman.  And it does a great job at it!

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.05535954609513283,0.05404413864016533,0.054497309029102325,0.05592913180589676,0.05435860529541969,0.05790170282125473,0.05841163918375969,0.05755433812737465,0.05604063719511032,0.05453313887119293,0.05451437830924988,0.05365489795804024,0.060819704085588455,0.05633380264043808,0.05225890129804611,0.05610701069235802,0.05264554172754288,0.055035561323165894
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
Wow!  I love this truck and so do the kids.  We've had this a few weeks, and it is still in great shape.  Having had some less expensive fire trucks before, I am delighted to find this great truck for little kids.  I love that it is big enough for little ones to push around and there are lots of moveable parts so the kids can use their imaginations while they perform various tasks.  This would make a great Christmas or birthday gift for any little guy or girl.
"I got this for my niece a while back.  My brother's response was, ""She's a girl.  This is for boys.""  Really though what kid doesn't like rolling something around, especially something with flashing lights?  I mean come on, that's fun for any little kid.  That's all I'm saying."
"First of all, this toy is going to bring a smile to any kid's face simply because of the size of it. If you're familiar with this line of toys, you know what's coming. If not, keep in mind the figure here is about four inches tall, and the truck is big enough to house one in the drivers seat and several on the back. It's huge! Add the flashing siren (with sound) and you've got something they'll love. There are two removable ladders, along with a fireman figure, DVD, some fireman tools like a shovel and axe, and some ""water darts"" to be shot out of the back of the truck. For me, I had to take the smaller parts away because of how small my nephew is, but he never noticed not having them. The truck rolls with ease and everything is big enough that smaller hands have a lot to hold on to. A great value for the money!"
This toy is a lot of fun, but make sure you're prepared to keep the plastic shooting 'darts' of pretend water, toy shovel and axe that come with the toy out of the way of the vacuum, dog, younger children, etc. I like the darts because it gives the child a feel of 'hands on' firefighting, but there is that tiny bit of extra attention needed on the part of the parents/grandparents. The siren and horn are great, though not as loud as I'd expected it to be. Of course, the siren not being louder may be considered a plus in some homes. There are plenty of moveable parts such as the ladder, a pretty durable fireman, etc. and the truck rolls across wood floor and carpet really nice. We have not tried it in the sandbox yet so I'm not sure how well it holds up in sand or dirt. I also enjoyed the bonus DVD and assume it comes with every box, though I'm not certain about that. Overall, this is a pretty dandy toy that is holding up quite well to our three year old grandson and keeps everyone (adults included) very entertained.
"I first bought Rescue Heroes 13 years ago for my newly adopted sons. They loved them! Then, 8 years ago, I bought ""mini"" ones for grandsons. Now, I'm buying these new, middle sized ones for a new crop of grandsons!Of the three, I think I like these the best. The figures are smaller and easier for 3-5 yr old hands than the originals. And bigger than the mini ones which seemed to go right into the kids' mouths. The big advantage that the little ones had was the huge difference in the amount of space the vehicles took up. This new series seems to address it all. The firetruck ,while of a size that still gets ""Wow"" from the kids, is smaller than the 1st series trucks.As always, I love the idea of real life heroes like firefighters and police officers. The toys are VERY sturdy and well made. They excite the imagination and the creative play seems to go on for hours!One thing to remember, the truck only comes with one guy, so the addition of another would be a great idea to extend the fun. (I recommend Jake Justice. He's my favorite!)You can add to the fun, because the cartoons are once again being aired on the qubo on ION channel. Awesome cartoons with very good messages."
When I raised my children Tonka Trucks were all the thing. Tonka vehicles were not very creative but they lasted a long time. So you ended up with a boring toy for a very, very long time.Toy trucks today are more creative and will last as long as it takes for the child to get bored and not want it any longer. A case in point is Fisher-Price's Rescue Heroes. Rescue Heroes has a neat siren that plays while red lights flash with the push of a button, and an actionator that launches water blob torpedo-type missiles. Push the button again and you hear the sound of the engine starting.The hero, Billy Blazes, stands behind the controls to drive the truck and can be removed when needed at the fire scene. Action figures who will help Billy Blazes are Hal E Cooper with a helicopter, Captain Cuffs, Perry Trooper, and Jake Justice on motorcycle. There are firefighting tools like a spade and axe, and a ladder extension. There are enough creative features with this truck that it will be some time before it become obsolete out of boredom.Rescue Heroes comes with two AA batteries so you can try the siren out right away but Fisher-Price recommends that you replace them right away with standard AA alkaline batteries. The truck is 18 inches long, 7.5 inches wide and 10.5 inches high.Too bad they didn't have toys like this when I was a kid but at least they are around for my second childhood. Thanks, Fisher-Price.
"I chose this toy for my godson--almost three years old--who has a fireman uncle. The toy itself is great and upholds the strong reputation of Fisher Price toys. No, this isn't a traditionally ""educational toy"" but for a little boy who adores trucks and fire engines, this one is educational in helping teach about fire fighting and the vehicles themselves. As my godson's mother pointed out, she also likes the fireman in this set because he looks friendly without the fierce meanness some other lines of toys employ in their designs.The truck makes two sounds--one of the truck starting up and another of the sirens--they are both great and fun and not overly annoying. The toy itself is larger than expected which makes it all the more fun for little tykes. It is also sturdy and appears that it will hold up to heavy usage. Overall, highly recommended and a great toy for a child who loves trucks and fire engines. Only drawbacks--there doesn't appear to be a female rescue hero in the line and the blue darts on this toy may be easily lost. However, they don't shoot with excessive force and so should not cause injury if reasonably played with."
No toy to date has so captivated my 2.5 year old son.  At least twice a day he checks in for some series hard playing and there's no sign yet of slowing down.  The toy itself is of sturdy plastic.  He throws, smashes, and knocks, so far with no discernible wear. Even more exciting, it is proving to be -- you'll pardon the pun -- a wonderful vehicle for imaginative play.  He gathers his various action figures and, along with his two sisters, constructs all sorts of rescue scenarios.Construction:  In general, as someone who grew up with metal tonkas, I'm down on plastic toys, but this truck is proving the exception to that rule.  Not only is it sturdy, but plainly the designer did it with young kids in mind -- which often seems not to be the case.  Big pieces make it easy for my little guy to manipulate.  He can pull it apart and with minimal assistance, put it back together.This is our first experience with Rescue Heroes.  I can tell already, he won't be alone for long.
I picked this up for my brothers son, who is 4. My brother chimed back and said his son is hooked to this toy. Fisher Price make some great toys, and he said this is one of the finest toys he has ever seen. Tons of great stuff for the young one to do. The sounds are great. The hoses are great. Overall he highly recommends this toy. Amazon shipped fast and arrived in a couple days, so thumbs up to amazon once again!
My four year old son is in LOVE with this fire truck! He is used to playing with much smaller vehicle toys, so he went berzerk when we got this. It has lots of fun things for him to do, and it provided him with his first action figure. He's in heaven. As for mommy and daddy - we think that it is too noisy - but aren't ALL kids toys?!
The fire truck has great sound, not to loud. The cab opens easily for little hands and Billy the fireman sits easily into the cab, the truck pushes well along the floor and carpeting. The ladder, axe and shove are easy to put into the fire mans hands, The water jets take a little time for a 3 year old to get into the shooter. The DVD that is included was a great hit with the 4 episodes of all the hero characters. My grandson keeps asking to play it over again while playing with the truck. Now he wants the rest of the hero characters and their vehicles. It takes about 15 minutes to remove the truck from the box and a 3 year old child gets a bit impatient and so does the adult. The rope was easier to remove than twist ties which was nice except for some of the rope that was knotted. You need heavy scissors to remove the plastic from the ladder.  A great action toy for a child.
If you know a fire fighting loving child, this is close to perfect!A great size and very sturdy. It makes 2 different sounds. The first push of the button produces a revving engine sound and then the next press a siren sound. And no, it's not super loud, long or obnoxious, thankfully! :)This toy lends for the use of imagination, which I like. I'm not super fond of the 'spraying water' as it looks to be more like darts than anything close to resembling water. My other beef with this is it only includes one fire fighter (yet a cardboard display of another is featured seated in the truck). The only other Rescue Hero fire fighter I could find sold separatly at our local big box store, looked just like the one included with this truck. It seems like for the price, and the practicallity of it(fire fighters don't work alone!), they could've included a second fire fighter.Another note, I caught that the included dvd is 'not a toy' and contains advertisments, so that went straight to the recycle pile. ;)
This is an absolutely awesome fire truck!  Lights, sounds, the whole works!  You don't need to know anything about the Hero World/Rescue Heroes series.  There's an included DVD, but there's no need for it to be able to play with the toy.  It's just a great truck.It's very durable, so a two year old can beat it up but still survive.  Most things are nice and big so a little kid can grab them easily.  It's tough to load the gun, but since I don't want my little man using the gun, I'm not unhappy.  I actually ended up taking away the bullets...  sorry, water projectiles.I rated this a two for education because, well, I don't see how it is at all educational, other than for some fine motor skills.  That's no cause for concern: I didn't get this with the intention of it being educational.  It's a fire truck.  It's for playing fireman.  And it does a great job at it!
This is a rugged truck designed for an 18 mo - 3 year old but even my 6 year old likes to get down on the floor with this truck and have fun. This look doesn't exactly like a real fire truck (less boxy and rigid lines) but its design is appealing to kids in a variety of ways. It has rounded edges on the big wheels and a large hinge in the middle of the truck which allows it to maneuver anywhere. By pressing a button the truck makes the sound of the truck starting up or a siren and the lights on top flash. There is no easy off/on switch for the siren, but luckily it isn't too loud or annoying. The truck comes with an extending ladder which my kids love to play with. It's big enough that kids could put a variety of action figures/dolls into the truck to play at driving them around. This truck also came with a Rescue Squad DVD to add some more police/fireman/hero entertainment for the kids.
Fisher-Price Rescue Heroes Fire Truck and Billy Blazes is the cutest toy I've seen in a while.Lights, and sound make this one fabulous entertainment, and it only needs 2 batteries. The action figure is a nice and big and the details on the truck and fireman are excellent. Little Boys or Little girls will stay amused for a long while. Fisher Price quality construction you can count on. Perfect for gift giving as well.
"My son is obsessed with all things related to firefighters (firetruck bed, blankets, DVDs). He just loves this firetruck as well. (We did take away the ""water"" for the cannon so that he wouldn't be tempted to hit his baby brother with them). He's been playing with it for over a month now and it has stood up to the abuse he's put it through. The front part of the truck folds back to allow you to put Billy Blazes behind the wheel. This part has fallen off a few times when my son was over anxious to open in up, but the part snaps right back on.The fire truck also comes with a bonus Rescue Heroes DVD and a Billy Blazes figurine. I'm always hesitant when toys make sounds (they can get obnoxious at times), but this one is fine. There are only two alternating sounds - a fire engine starting and a siren. And should those sounds get old, the batteries can conveniently ""disappear.""My little boy has enjoyed playing with this one! Good job Fisher Price. :-)"
We still have many of the Fisher Price toys our now adult son enjoyed, so it's very nice to see our grandson playing with the newer items too.  And he really does enjoy playing with his Fisher-Price Hero World Rescue Heroes Fire Truck.The action figure, Billy Blazes, and the 8x18x13 inch truck are sized perfectly for a three year old.  And what three to seven year old can say no to lights, SFX, ladders, water blob launcher and projectiles?As usual this Fisher-Price toy at once gives little ones lots of scope for imaginative play and also gives adult gift-givers the confidence that the fun will last.
This is such a wonderful toy and a large one at that.  What little boy wouldn't want a firetruck of his own and expecially at Christmas.  My grandson's face lit up light a Christmas tree when he seen this and oh my that was priceless and so worth waiting for.  He thinks it's great that dad's name is Billy too so he pretends that it is his dad on the truck.The truck is large like I said and is durable.  Lots of functions to keep the little ones busy seeking out all the fun things that it can do.  Parts on the truck are large enough to easily grasp if your child is on the younger side of the age scale.  This does make noise but the extra noises that little ones make while playing with it are even better.  There's nothing better that a pretend world.Fisher Price has given us quality, durability and tons of fun with only safety in mind.  It would be nice if there were one or two extra characters to go with the truck but I don't mind apending more on something that is as good as this is.  Just wish it was easier to put back into the origional packaging after I play with it first.  LOL!  Big kids need to play too and I believe in checking out what I get to make sure the item is good enough for my little ones first.  Anyone want to go vrooom....vrooom!
