Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
My daughters have always wanted a remote control car but the ones we found were always designed for boys or simply way overpriced.  This RC Car fit the bill perfectly.  It also includes a My Little Pony that the girls added to their already huge collection.  They loved zipping the car back and forth around our wood floors.  We don't have carpet so I can't say how it performs on carpet.  The only downside to this RC Car is that it plays music when it's being driven and this function cannot be turned off.  Other than that, we love it!

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.12145516276359558,0.12850715219974518,0.11884412914514542,0.1301596760749817,0.12235783785581589,0.12277958542108536,0.1315467357635498,0.12434975802898407
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
This car might deserve 5-stars simply because you can turn the sounds off.  But there are other things I like, too.  It has a small headlight on the front, which appeals to the kids and lets the adults now if it has been left on.  It's had fairly regular use for about a month and the batteries are just now dying.  Compared to some other rc cars we've had, that's pretty good.  It works just as well on our carpet as on the hard floors.  You can of course give the pony a ride, but it also works with some other little toys we have.  The kids have loved being able to move around lots of passengers.  The remote has only the forward and spin reverse buttons which gives a bit less maneuverability than some, but is much easier for little hands to control.The only potential detractor was the fact that it regularly veers to the right on forward rather than heading in a straight line.  However, the kids seem to like this because it forces them to back up and move forward a lot.  Just holding down a button is boring.
This remote control car is a hit with my daughter. It does not go overly fast, but she is having fun with it. It goes forward and also has a turning button to back it up or around in a circle motion. It's great for teaching hand-eye coordination.My daughter is not into little ponies, but she's using this remote control car with her Littlest Pets (LPS). They fit in the car really well. It comes with 2 batteries in the remote control, but you will need 3 AA batteries to put into the car. There is an on/off switch on the car so you can save the battery when not using. To help you know when it's turned on, the headlight on the car stays lit up (a feature my daughter really likes). Between the real working head light and the car noises the remote makes, it adds to the fun. The remote also makes a little music here and there.Another thing I really liked about it was that the packaging was not a horror. There were just a few strings to untwist around a plastic piece, and a few pieces of tape to pull up. You can open it with ease, unlike some of the other packaged toys out there which are so aggrivating to open up.My daughter is taking it over to the neighbor's house now to play with her friends. It's light weight and small enough to easily tote around when you go visiting and want to bring something for your child to be able to play with. Another plus.My daughter and I both give this toy two thumbs up and five stars.
This is not the most powerful car. It doesn't drive on thick carpet very well so we took it outside and it couldn't go over rocks either. So on a nice flat surface it does well. Too bad I don't have a lot of nice flat surfaces in my house. The Pony stays in ok and the remote is easy to use. My 2 year old could press the buttons and make it work without any kind of direction. My 5 year old kinda got the hang of it but still ran it into everything. Like all toys with moving parts be careful of hair and thread. It's a cute toy and I would purchase it again if my daughter wanted another at Christmas or her birthday.
My four year old loves this car! The remote control enables the car to go forward, backward and turn. The set comes with a pony, Pinkie Pie, who locks into the car using a notch on their foot. My girls used this car outdoors in our driveway and played for hours with it.The remote control has sound effects and music, which can be turned on or off.The size of the car makes it useful for other toys, as well. Littlest Pet Shop figures, Strawberry Shortcake figures, and Polly Pocket dolls will also fit nicely into this car, going on their adventures.The car requires three AAA batteries and a Phillips head screwdriver, which are not included in the box.Traditional size Ponies will not fit into the car, they are too big. Happy Meal size Ponies are also slightly too large, and do not have the notch in their hoof to keep them in place. You will need to purchase additional Ponies from this series to ride in the car. There are also add-on cars you can purchase that the car will pull along.My daughters enjoyed their adventures with this car. Fun for horse-loving little girls who want an adventure outside.
"And her two year old brother loves the car.  Very versatile toy.  My four year old girl is able to work the controls easily.  The two year old needs guidance but still has a lot of fun with it.  My little girl is not a ""pony"" fan, this is her first, so has no expectations and seems to enjoy the pony as any other animal figure toy she has.I would recommend this for young girls."
This toy is appropriate and fun for young girls from about 18 months to 4-5 years old.  Younger girls will enjoy the pony and the remote control before they are old enough to drive the remote control car.  In fact, my daughter loves to carry around the remote control by itself and go through all the sounds and songs.  The car is fine as a very basic remote control car but is not the easiest to control.  The car runs fine on carpet or hardwood and the batteries last a reasonable amount of time.  As other have said, it is nice to be able to turn off the sound. We're happy with this toy and our daughter has fun with it.
My daughters have always wanted a remote control car but the ones we found were always designed for boys or simply way overpriced.  This RC Car fit the bill perfectly.  It also includes a My Little Pony that the girls added to their already huge collection.  They loved zipping the car back and forth around our wood floors.  We don't have carpet so I can't say how it performs on carpet.  The only downside to this RC Car is that it plays music when it's being driven and this function cannot be turned off.  Other than that, we love it!
This little remote control car is simple enough and tough enough for my 4 year old and my 18 month old to both enjoy it.Pros:--simple to use--sound/music can be turned off!!--easy for young one to use (18 month old!)--keeps kids playing on their own!!Cons:--difficult to make car turn (only 2 controls (1) forward, (2) turn around)--fits small pony, but not larger ponies that child may already have.--no auto shut off, car light stays on until the car is manually turned off which kids have a hard time doing.Overall I would say that this has been a fun toy that has gotten a lot of play time.  It is especially good for getting the kids to play on their own without your constant intervention as they have something they can really focus on and really interact with.
