Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
I put this in the hands of a six year-old little girl and, with very widened eyes tenoned with a big smile, she clung to it for the entire evening as she clamored about the household on kid's business. Needless to say, it also went to bed with her and, so far as I know, the critter is still permanently attached to her chest.This bunny is super-soft. It's also well-made. I guess I could have rated it a full five stars except that there's nothing particular that makes it stand out remarkably from other stuffed animals in the same price range, beyong its obvious visual appeal. This being a Juno Bunny, there is a music CD that you can acquire to go along with it but that is an extra cost. For the minor production cost of a kid's music CD, the manufacturers problably should have just included it as a package deal -- but alas, such is not the case in our Capitalistic society.So, overall, a big hit with a little girl.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.14252212643623352,0.14145417511463165,0.14224404096603394,0.1406954526901245,0.14001941680908203,0.15286892652511597,0.140195831656456
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
As a stand-alone toy, there's not much to say: It's stuffed, and it's cute. Children that are familiar with Bunny from the various Juno educational products will probably enjoy it more than one who has never encountered the character before. Juno donates an educational DVD to a child in need for every product sold, which is a nice way to rationalize the high price of what is basically just a plain ol' stuffed animal.
"My friends' daughter loves to look at this toy and now reaches for it.  A bit different looking, but very soft and great to hold and hug.Nothing educational about it, its just a nice ""lovey."""
my granddaughter loves this Bunny, especially when watching one of the DVD's. It is very soft and cushiony so it is an instant comfort toy. I want to get more of the DVD's for her in the future.
This is a very nice little stuffed toy. It is just right for cuddling and it looks to be very durable. Nothing like some of the cheaper plush toys I've bought.
This is a highly quality plush doll, no where near the cheaply constructed stuffed toys you get from carnivals. My children are fans of Juno Baby which makes Bunny that much more attractive to them.  We own the plush for each of the 3 characters that's available; the kids love role playing with them!  To address the earlier reviews about it not being worth the price tag: I've seen more expensive plush toys in some stores that aren't as high quality or cute, and this is not ridiculously priced.  I will admit, however, that because we are fans of Juno Baby, Bunny is defintely more desirable than to someone who may not be a fan.  Also, keep in mind that this is a very socially responsible company - I would be more than happy to support the company in any which way I can.
I put this in the hands of a six year-old little girl and, with very widened eyes tenoned with a big smile, she clung to it for the entire evening as she clamored about the household on kid's business. Needless to say, it also went to bed with her and, so far as I know, the critter is still permanently attached to her chest.This bunny is super-soft. It's also well-made. I guess I could have rated it a full five stars except that there's nothing particular that makes it stand out remarkably from other stuffed animals in the same price range, beyong its obvious visual appeal. This being a Juno Bunny, there is a music CD that you can acquire to go along with it but that is an extra cost. For the minor production cost of a kid's music CD, the manufacturers problably should have just included it as a package deal -- but alas, such is not the case in our Capitalistic society.So, overall, a big hit with a little girl.
I'll begin by saying that I have no idea what Juno Baby is.  Perhaps if my daughter watched this show, having a stuffed version of one of its characters would be worth the price.As it stands, this is an exceptionally high quality plush toy.  It's surprisingly heavy, and is covered in an incredibly soft plush polyester material.  It really is very huggable, but I can't justify the price based on that alone.The description claims that it comes with a necklace and pom pom accessory.  My daughter's did not.  It's possible that this was because hers was a free sample, but we did not receive anything explaining this omission.  It's possible that the doll does not come with such accessories.The only other rationale I can think of for why the doll is so expensive is that the tag promises that, for every doll purchased, a special DVD will be given to needy children.  I suppose that's generous, but when I think of needy children, free Juno Baby DVDs is not among the top items that I feel they need.  There are tons of great educational VHS tapes and DVDs available at many stores for a dollar or less, especially if you buy second hand.  I'm hardly impressed by this attempt at charity.  Provide clothing or even free dolls like this one.  Both of those would be more worthwhile to a needy child and parent.All in all, I'm very impressed with the quality of this toy, but the hefty price tag just doesn't make sense unless your child is truly passionate about the TV show.
