Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
"Really adorable, just like the rest of the Sing-A-Ma-Jig clan (we have four now, I think). I love that they're built to harmonize with each other, and my 4-year-old was thrilled to play with them. She also immediately wanted to call a friend to show him.There are two down-sides of this toy. First is the fact that it's really hard to understand the words of this song. ""Hello My Baby"" isn't as simple a song as most of the others they've done before. I know the basic melody of the song, but didn't know all the words... and still don't now! I had to go to YouTube to hear a performance of it so I'd know if I was pressing the tummy at the right intervals. I wish the words had been recorded clearer on this. And maybe a lyric sheet should be included.The other down-side is price, which I think is high for a toy that is essentially a novelty. Even though we love our Sing-A-Ma-Jigs, we only pick them up to play with them maybe once a month for a couple of minutes at a time. I'm curious to see how the Duets perform at this price point."

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.04623568430542946,0.048211246728897095,0.04781613126397133,0.04922126233577728,0.0482025183737278,0.04834270849823952,0.049414001405239105,0.04973581060767174,0.04908587411046028,0.04536258801817894,0.04880695417523384,0.04809894412755966,0.04786401242017746,0.04352585971355438,0.04485073685646057,0.04810234531760216,0.04789483919739723,0.04740519821643829,0.04741709306836128,0.04688161611557007,0.047524526715278625
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
"This toy is really cute and interesting to look at.  The sing-a-ma-jig and her little baby sing when you press their tummies, and their open mouths with teeth and tongues are so cute!  If you press the extended hand, the toy switches between singing the song (This one sings ""Hello Ma Baby""), singing notes of harmony, and chattering to each other.This toy takes 2 'AAA' batteries, which are included, so that's a nice touch.This toy DOES sing ""Hello Ma Baby"", but you have to press the tummy for each syllable of the song.  You control the tempo and the length of the notes.  It does not sing automatically.  That's why I think children should be at least 3, even older, to get the full use of this toy.  It also helps if they know the song!  Also, the tummy is kind of hard to press, so kids need some hand strength to press repeatedly - or they could use both hands.I was under the impression that Sing-a-ma-jigs could chatter with each other if you put them side by side.  We also ordered this one:The Sing-A-Ma-Jigs Duets - Green With Puppy.  But I could not figure out any way for them to interact with each other.  Maybe I'm missing something, or maybe I was misinformed.  But it doesn't really matter - these are very cute and are great gifts for kids!  Recommended."
"My five year old daughter played with this toy for two minutes, before she got bored with it. My three years old son played with it for fifteen minutes before he got bored with it. And their father was royally annoyed after thirty seconds.The ""songs"" this toy emits are of the bone-sawing variety - shrill, shrieky, nerve killing. Even my kids hated the sounds that came out of it after a short while. And then, there is not much variety, either. It is basically always the same tune, with some variations. The only kick my kids got out of it was when they discovered that they could play ""the puppet eats my finger"" by sticking theirs between the moving lips of either the big or the small critter. Lasted five minutes, then the annoying sounds that accompany the mouth-movement prevented much more interaction.This thing is destined for the landfill."
"My daughter has a Christmas Sing-a-ma-jig that she loves.  I saw this and knew she would love it.  The big and little Sing-a-ma-jigs harmonize and sing together.YOu can change between the different modes by pressing the larger ones hand.  To make them sing, you have to press the belly of the smaller one.  My one ""complaint"" is that the song they sing is really hard to understand.  This set sings ""Hello my Baby"" and honestly, if I didn't know that was what it was  supposed to be singing, I wouldn't have known.All three of my daughter's love it...from 15months thru 10 years old."
"The test subject was my two-year-old granddaughter, and I have to report that this toy was a total flop with her.First of all, it initially scared her, and I do have to say that when you see it in real life, it does look kind of creepy somehow. Once she got over that -- at least to some extent -- she did kind of test it out, but didn't seem to develop any interest at all in its musical ability. I don't know whether or not that's due to the fact that she kind of found the toy repellant, or the ""singalong"" ability just doesn't float her boat. She never did seem to have much interest in toys that do that kind of thing.Anyway, a complete flop in our house, sorry to say."
These are interesting little creatures, basically just a stuffed animal with the novelty that if you squeeze it, it mouths words.  The novelty of it does wear off.  I found the song on this one, in particular, hard to understand.  I liked the reindeer one a little better.  This did not get alot of play in our house.  The mouth moving was kind of cool.  There's nothing really wrong with it, but I definitely won't go out of my way to buy another one.  It can make a neat novelty gift for someone.  It's a totally average toy.
"It's a one-trick pony but it's a pretty neat trick. The synchronized mouths move remarkably realistically (for a stuffed animal anyway), and it's fun to squeeze the belly to get the little animals to sing. Each squeeze produces only a single note so the rhythm is all up to you. There are 3 different modes but the ""song"" mode is the only one really worthwhile. The main negative is there is only 1 song and you can't understand the words at all. This toy isn't something your child will sit down for a long time to play with, but it can be an occasionally entertaining addition to a diverse toy chest."
"I gave several of these to my nephews and nieces last Christmas and while everyone was entertained for the first few minutes, they quickly lost interest.  There are different modes that you activate my squeezing the hands, and the ""song"" mode means you must repeatedly and quickly squeeze the stomach to play each and every note.  It would be nice if there were a ""play"" mode that would just play the song.  The ""jibberish"" mode was entertaining and the little ones seemed to like that better than  the sing mode.They are not cuddly and are actually a little hard.  If you have several, they do ""harmonize"" but not because they recognize the others... just each Sing-a-ma-jig is tuned to a different note so it sounds like they are singing together.Overall, a good 15-20 minute toy, but not destined to become a favorite."
"Really adorable, just like the rest of the Sing-A-Ma-Jig clan (we have four now, I think). I love that they're built to harmonize with each other, and my 4-year-old was thrilled to play with them. She also immediately wanted to call a friend to show him.There are two down-sides of this toy. First is the fact that it's really hard to understand the words of this song. ""Hello My Baby"" isn't as simple a song as most of the others they've done before. I know the basic melody of the song, but didn't know all the words... and still don't now! I had to go to YouTube to hear a performance of it so I'd know if I was pressing the tummy at the right intervals. I wish the words had been recorded clearer on this. And maybe a lyric sheet should be included.The other down-side is price, which I think is high for a toy that is essentially a novelty. Even though we love our Sing-A-Ma-Jigs, we only pick them up to play with them maybe once a month for a couple of minutes at a time. I'm curious to see how the Duets perform at this price point."
These are relatively cute and they seem to be made well. They really do sing and harmonize together and it is entertaining for, oh, about 5 minutes. But, they aren't cuddly or anything. So, there-in lies the problem. We found them worth their value for only a few minutes and then they sit on the shelf or lay in the bottom of the toy box. On a good note, they do have some musical educational value as they do harmonize.
We first came across the sing-a-ma-jigs at a three-year-old's birthday party.  The item was a hit with the baby, and surprisingly, with my husband.  I ordered this duet as a gift for my husband.  I expect both he and the kids will enjoy it.The toy has three functions.  It can sing a song (Hello! Ma Baby), sing in harmony, or jibber-jabber.  You press the mom's hand to switch among these options, then press the baby's belly to emit the sounds.  You have to push the belly repeatedly as each press makes one note.  By alternating short and long squeezes, you can vary the length of the notes.  The mouth move in unison to form a wide O while singing and they each have a couple of teeth.There is no educational value at all in this toy. It is purely a fun and silly thing, likely to create some laughs.
My daughter grew tired of this toy fairly quick. For a toddler, it is difficult to master the right places to squeeze to make the creatures sing. Even when this happens, the Purple and Pink things only reward with a small/short payoff. A one note chorus is hardly interesting or educational. I will grant that the toy is cute, but that only goes so far. The toy is fairly durable and inexpensive. I would not recommend it to other nor purchase one for a friend's child.
"Honestly, this toy is very creepy. I don't even like the look of the thing, with its strange open mouths (singing, I guess) and then there are the weird sounds it makes that only vaguely resemble music. Even I had trouble figuring out how to make the thing work, and then, once it started ""singing,"" I wished I hadn't bothered. Ugh. The kid I got it for hated it, too, so, sadly, this goes into the bin of unloved toys."
I have seen the single Sing-a -Ma Jigs and thought they were lots of fun. This goes the extra step. They are a tad smaller but both of them sing. You press the hand to choose one of 3 modes tone, talking gibberish, or singing mode. I love the singing. They open and close their mouths and you see teeth and even little white tongues. You press the belly to activate them. The baby sings in harmony with the mama.They are really quite cute and not an annoying sound. They make me smile! They make my dog crazy he barks at it every time I pick it up. He wants to get at it and thrash it about but no go, it would be a goner.Highly recommend, it is just plan fun.
"I've bought my daughter a couple of Sing-A-Ma-Jigs in the past (Easter Bunny being one of them) and they're fairly cute, at least for a while. The singing and harmonizing function is entertaining and they're a good toy for her, for what they are. That said, I was a bit disappointed with the Sing-A-Ma-Jig Duets Purple with Baby (the baby is permanently attached, for those wondering) for one major reason: you can't really understand the song. All Sing-A-Ma-Jigs have a vague odd, synthetic-sounding voice, but they're understandable enough (if it sings ""Here Comes Peter Cottontail"" or ""Yankee Doodle,"" you can understand each word rather well). The Purple with Baby sings ""Hello! Ma Baby,"" the same tune that the dancing frog sings in Loony Toons. The mouths of each move simultaneously with each press of the belly, already ""harmonized."" The voices are very, very high pitched and a bit off-tune in places, so while I can tell what they're singing on account of the fact that I know what they're supposed to be singing, it's much, much more difficult to pick it out, word for word. That's my one major gripe, but I think it's a valid one since it's a toy that's all about singing. The ""harmonizing"" and ""gibberish"" features are similar to others (that is, a good bit less interesting than the singing), albeit with their unique voice.Gripes aside, my daughter likes the Purple with Baby (as does my wife), so that's the important thing. If you're looking for a new Sing-A-Ma-Jig for your little one's collection, it's a worthy addition, just not quite as easy-to-understand as the others in my daughter's collection."
My daughter adores the sing-a-ma-jig duets. I mean, she is completely enamored with it. With it's silly high pitched singing, she giggles and sings along. It's visually pleasing with the Mommy holding the baby, and it's carried around all the time. As far as a child pleasing toy, it's a great one.As far as it's durability, it's soft, cuddly and hasn't had any glitchy singing moments. Personally I find it cute, though there are moments, as with any noise making toy, where I'd prefer it to be in a room with a closed door, but honestly it's not too loud or annoying.
We were doing family pics, and everytime someone showed by 6 month old niece this toy, she would light up like a Christmas tree.  It was so cute.  I had previously avoided these for my three girls thinking it would end up in the forgotten stuffed animals pile.  However, my 14 month old became attached to my nieces toy, so we got her one.  She LOVES it.  It has earned it's keep in our house, and has become the first toy brought back out after a clean up.  It's a hit!
The Sing-a-Ma-Jig had been recommended to me for use with dementia patients, so I thought I would check it out. It's a cute little thing, and when you squeeze it's hand, it sings. I gave it to a dementia patient, but she didn't seem to be interested in it. I will try it with my granddaughters next to see what they think of it. I expect they will find it fun and educational.
I really like The Sing-A-Ma-Jigs Duets!  It's so soft and cuddly, too bad it's for ages 3 and up because I know babies would love this little thing.  The toy measures a little less than 8 inches tall and is about 5 inches wide.  It's basically a larger purple bear holding a smaller pink bear.  They sing together, and if you press their center, both of their mouths open at the same time, while a solid note is played.They do three things:  sing their own song, harmonize while they sing together, and speak jibber-jabber.Overall, I find it to be too cute.  I see this as being amusing to both children and adults.  I plan on sharing this one with Alzheimers residents at the facility I work at.  I know they will love it!
I'm not sure how all the Sing-a-ma-jigs work.  If they all work like this one, then I would say wait for them to go down to about $5.  That would be the right price for these.  The kids get tired of them very quickly when they realize that they have to press the stomach for each note and when they fail to hear the words (if they are words) to the song.  Without reading anything, I thought that this toy would begin on its own when pushed, but that is not the case.  The music and murmured sounds are attractive.  But not that attractive.  Overall, a stocking stuffer,
Admittedly I'm outside the recommended 3-7 year old range, but I find the Singamajig noises gratingly obnoxious.  That said, my 5yo and 2yo absolutely love it, and to be fair it is their toy.  Squeezing the stomach to get a noise is a little tricky for the younger one (though she lights up with delight when she does).  Neither of them cares much about the different modes, they just like the random noises.Overall, the Singamajig is very well constructed, an accomplishment for an electronic toy with moving parts.  The stitchwork seems to be very well done, and I had no concerns letting my littlest one play with it, even though it's recommended for an older child.
This stuffed animal is very colorful, is durable, and has a nice texture. But my eight month old granddaughter already has lots of stuffed animals. The reason that I ordered this product is that she loves listening to music and playing with musical toys. Although she is still too young to figure out how to do the necessary squeezing in the stomach of this toy to produce music, let alone squeeze the extended arm to change what gets played, I planned on doing that for her. The problem, as other reviews have noted, is that the words are virtually unintelligible.Nonetheless she likes playing with this for a short time and listening to the sounds. But it does not engage her the same way as her other musical toys do.Bottom line: This is a very nice stuffed animal, but if you are looking for something to stimulate your child musically, buy something else.
