Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
Well, I guess you could name the guy on the motorcycle Luigi, but (for reasons my daughter does not understand) we have named him Fonzie. This range for this toy begins at 18 months. While this toy is definitely safe for a child that age, I wouldn't recommend it. There are too many pieces. The store, the oven, the motorcycle, two characters and three pizzas. It's impossible for my little one to keep up with all of the parts. It's impossible for me to find them all when we want to play. I think when she is a little older, she will enjoy this toy more. It does not require batteries, which is always a plus. The movement pieces are cute, although not as fun as some of the other WOW sets. We like the motorcycle. Vroom!

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.036269232630729675,0.055641405284404755,0.05054473504424095,0.0530039444565773,0.057985082268714905,0.04623330757021904,0.04723963513970375,0.05221931263804436,0.02990313060581684,0.055060431361198425,0.05044632777571678,0.03816807270050049,0.045084819197654724,0.054625071585178375,0.03797845542430878,0.049916576594114304,0.04978835955262184,0.05375004932284355,0.04343576356768608,0.04389980062842369,0.04880652576684952
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
I was expecting this to be a 15 minute toy, but my four year old loved it. The pizza delivery motorcycle was the real hit.  He 'delivered' pizza to the whole family for well over an hour and I can see him enjoying it for many more hours to come.  That being said, $23 is way too much for this toy.  You'd be better off getting something like theCity Scene - Dining Motorcycle (Pizza Delivery)which costs $6
This nice little toy set is perfect for younger kids. It has three different pizzas, a pizza store, a pizza oven, and a delivery driver.The pizzas don't come apart and are the perfect size for little fingers.Either the pizza chef or driver fit in both the top of the pizza store (turns and clicks for vegetables)They also both fit on the delivery cycleThe oven has a push button that lowers the flame and you can bake your pizza in a kiln.The pieces are big enough for toddlers, but small enough to tuck into a carry along toy bag. My granddaughter was sick and enjoyed playing with this in bed - while I thought it might be young for her (at age 7) she still enjoyed it and drove a pizza out to the living room to deliver to Grandma and Grandpa.A nice toy for kids who like to pretend.
I got this for my grandson who is 4.  He was excited to receive it when he came over and immediately went into the play room to try it out.  He really enjoys imaginary play and it entertained him for a while.  I think maybe he is a little bit too old for this toy, but I suspect it would be useful on a car trip or when there is a need for something quiet to play with.It is well made and colorful and everything is just so cute.  I am glad to have it among the toys that children can enjoy at my house.
This pizzeria is a simple toy...no flashing lights or endless loop of audibles....but it is still a lot of fun for kids in the target age group of 1.5 to 5. The pizza oven offers a lot of fun pretend play, and the total connection between the pizza oven, the restaurant and the delivery vehicle makes a full circle of imagination.The quality is good and all of the pieces are nice and safe...no rough edges or easily breakable parts for smaller players.Only downside? The pizzas aren't edible. ;)
Well, I guess you could name the guy on the motorcycle Luigi, but (for reasons my daughter does not understand) we have named him Fonzie. This range for this toy begins at 18 months. While this toy is definitely safe for a child that age, I wouldn't recommend it. There are too many pieces. The store, the oven, the motorcycle, two characters and three pizzas. It's impossible for my little one to keep up with all of the parts. It's impossible for me to find them all when we want to play. I think when she is a little older, she will enjoy this toy more. It does not require batteries, which is always a plus. The movement pieces are cute, although not as fun as some of the other WOW sets. We like the motorcycle. Vroom!
My preschool kids were engaged immediately with this toy.  I believe this stems from their love of pizza and the fact that I've taken them to a pizza place with this type of oven.  I don't know that there's much action in which a kid might engage with this toy, but it is nice-looking and the materials are nice to the touch.
This is a very cute and durable play set.  Little ones can bake pizza and pretend they are driving around town delivering them.  They are a nice decent size that fits in little ones hands, but be careful if your child likes to put toys in their mouths.  Its a very high quality set, in both feel and look.  Once your little one is finished playing with this, it will still look adorable on a shelf as a display.  I'd recommend this for young ones.
"WOW toys are simple, but marvelously creative ones.  Everything is left to the child's imagination, which can soar to the height of a tossed pizza in this set.  Mario, who owns his own pizzeria, and Marco, his delivery person,  are the main characters in this set.  Marco has his own push-along delivery trike to deliver all the pizzas Mario can get out of that push-to-bake oven.  In some cases, Mario might bake a lot of pizzas in a day's time.WHAT'S IN THE BOX:&#9658;  Pizzeria and separate push-button oven, push-along delivery trike, 3 pizzas and 2 removable playing figures&#9658;  Push-along delivery trike&#9658;  Three removable pizzas with different toppings&#9658;  Spin the chef to choose toppings&#9658;  Magic oven with push-to-bake buttonAccording to Mario, ""Ciao I'm Mario and my pizzeria is the best in town! The whole WOW team come to me to get their favourite pizzas. I have them all, from vegetarian to peperoni, they can always count on good old Mario to fill up their tummies after a hard day's work!""  What I especially like about Mario's Pizzeria and the one other WOW toy I've tried out, is that they don't make any sound, but rather are what I'd call imagination makers.  They are of excellent quality and remind me of Melissa and Doug toys.  Yes, they are pricey, but if well-taken care of will stand the test of time.WOW TOYS:WOW Pippa's Princess Carriage - Fantasy (4 Piece Set)WOW Dynamite Daisy - Racing Cars (2 Piece Set)WOW Flora's Fairy Garden - Fantasy (3 Piece Set)WOW Cupcake Chloe - Town (5 Piece Set)WOW Poppy's Pony AdventureGirls Day OutWOW Flip 'n' Tip Fred - Town (6 Piece Set)WOW Penny's Pooch 'n' Ride - Holiday & Adventure (4 Piece Set)Wow Toys Sport Car Purple Racing Car Special Edition (2 Piece Set)WOW Casey Camper Van - Holiday & Adventure (8 Piece Set)"
"When I spied the online photos for this playset, I was less-than-impressed. However, seeing it in-person, I am just blown-away. These are meticulously crafted, super smooth (so tactile!), insanely shiny little toys. I love the saturated colors, the spinning chef (turn him to select ""different pizza toppings""!), the friendly expressions of Mario and Marco, and the extraordinary attention to details (the tiny little zippers on Marco's jacket are painted in thin, bright white stripes). This set is so ridiculously endearing ... even parents will find it insanely cute!Not only is this set stunningly adorable, the WOW website provides this helpful information to parents seeking developmental toys:Developmental Benefits:From 1 years - Sensory stimulation and motor skill developmentFrom 2 years - Discovery & learningFrom 2 years - Social interactionFrom 3 years - Role-play & explorationI cannot gush about this playset enough. I am fairly certain that no photo can really ever do it justice. Add this to your WOW collection. And, by the way, parents ... NO BATTERIES NEEDED! Thank goodness! So MUCH love for the WOW company!"
Wow! We love this toy! Ok, I know that was corny, but we do. The Wow company makes very simple and yet very enchanting toys for kids. These are the kind of toys I love giving to my three year old nephew. They aren't covered in bells and whistles and they aren't noisy or filled with unnecessary pieces. This pizzeria is run on pure imagination! We really enjoyed the simple, push button oven, which reminded me of toys from my childhood. The delivery boy's motorcycle was also a big hit. This is a great, unique toy. There aren't many toy pizzeria sets out there that I know of! A wonderful toy for any boy or girl on your list!
I personally make my own pizza but there are lots of people who have it delivered.  The Wow Mario's Pizzeria Town is fun no matter how pizza gets to your house.  The toy includes a pizza oven, a store front, a motor bike for delivery, a delivery man, a cook, and of course, pizza.  It is a fun toy to role play with and I recommend it for children who like to play at doing some sort of job or task.
Excellent for the future pizza tycoon toddler! The pieces are all brightly colored and big, easy to hold and to hold the youngster's attention. There are two movable figures and 3 pieces: the trike, the store and the oven. All of them do something, they make sound, turn and pop out pizzas. Lots of stuff to hold their attention.In summary: interactive, colorful and fun to play with!
"I ordered this for my therapy children, they love to play Pizza delivery man. This is the first small play set I've seen of this quality. The box is supposed to be used as part of the ""store"" but taking the parts out nearly destroyed the bottom. The pieces were VERY hard to remove from the packaging. I can't believe how many ties they had in the set. Adults must help children with getting each piece out. I do wish it came with a small carrying case, or that the box could be reused to hold pieces."
A fun sturdy toy for the little ones to let their imaginations take flight without having to plug it in or add batteries. All kids know pizza and this one will be a hit for them.
Mario's Pizzeria from WOW is much cuter than it would seem to be from the photographs.The set comes with the little pizza shop;  Mario, the pizza maker, who can stand on the roof and spin or make and sell pizzas inside;  a pizza oven with three kinds of pizza; and Marco, the delivery boy, with his little motorcycle.  The pieces are made of heavy plastic and in addition to the motorbike, there are a couple of moving parts to involve the children in play.This was a great hit with the youngsters, who love pizza at home and going out to dinner for pizza even better than McDonald's!
This is a great little Pizza Parlor toy set. I have to say from the way the box looks I thought it was just a flimsy toy. Upon opening to my surprised it is a real cute play set. My son was having a blast making the pizza as well as pretending to delivering  the pizza as well. He liked to spin the chef to choose the toppings .glad they added more toppings. Overall he played with and really liked it lots of pretend fun as well.
This is a very cute and fun toy. My kids had a lot of fun playing for hours with this playset, they imagined all kinds of different things and made lots of little pizzas. I love the durability of this set, all the crashing and banging and the pieces are still in tact and look great. I would get another WOW toy in a heartbeat.
At first I wasn't sure my boys would like this; it seemed too simplistic. My boys have been heavily into trains no matter how much I try to steer them toward something else. Surprisingly my 4 1/2 and 2 1/2 year old quite enjoyed this set. They liked putting the pizza in the oven and pressing the button to make it look like it was firing. My 2 1/2 year old has been fascinated by fire ovens lately, especially at Costco where he can see the chicken roasting. For him the fire oven was a hit! My older son liked loading the pizza on the motorcycle and driving it around. The pizza house gets marginal interaction, even though there are things the kids can manipulate (swivel through topping choices, and open and close the door). My 2 1/2 year old likes to set the chef inside, and put the pizza in the counter.The kids go back and forth with this toy. So far they have enjoyed it. They LOVE the motorcycle, and it just about drives me crazy that we only have one.Retail price is over $40, which is insane! Maybe because it's Great British Design? The toy is well made so I expect it to last awhile. $20 is a better price range. Overall it's quite engaging and my kids spend a little time each day pretending to deliver pizza around the house.
This has made a four year old very happy.  It is a fun toy for adults to use to interact with children because Pizza is something that people buy and get delivered to their houses.While I am not a parent, I enjoyed watching my friend and his son play with this. I even helped.  I order the pizza, my friend's son makes the pizza in the oven and my friend sends out the delivery person. I am glad I have this toy for when my friend's family visits.This is a toy that children can enjoy playing alone or with someone.  The colors are bright. There are a number of different things to do. You can spin the chef and choose a topping, put a pie in the oven and have it come out when it is done and send the pizza and delivery person on his or her way on the three wheeled motorcycle.My friend and his wife order pizza on occasion and so do I so this is a toy with which my friend's son can identify.  I wish I had something like this when I was a child.
I wasn't sure how my 3 1/2 year old daughter would react to this toy.  She is used to playing with toys that are more interactive than this.  To my mild surprise, her imagination kicked in, and she spent close to an hour cooking pizza and delivering it to her customers.The retail price for this toy is around $40, which I personally think is much too high, given the simplicity of the toy.  It is important to note that the box itself is supposed to be used as part of the pizza store, so you need to be extra careful when opening up the packaging and removing the pieces.  There are multiple ties attaching the pieces, so be prepared to spend a few minutes opening this up very carefully.  For the price point, it would be nice if it came with a plastic carrying case.
"Our granddaughter loves little figures, whether they be Disney characters, My Little Pony figures, dinosaurs, farm animals, or birds. She endlessly lines them up, has ""parties,"" and makes up stories about them. She is very creative about how she plays with them and occupies herself for long periods. Often, she invites her parents or grandparents to the parties she prepares.""Mario's Pizza Town"" went over extremely well. She already has a doll house, play castle, and Sesame Street station, so a pizzeria was a novel addition.Though the figures don't really match any of her existing toy figures, that presented no problem. She set up the pizzeria and invited some of her Sesame Street people and a couple of Disney characters to have lunch.The set has some cool features. First, the oven has a push-to-bake button that fires up the oven to cook the pizza. No actual flame is involved, of course, nor are batteries required. It's all very low key in construction, but lots of fun to play with. I was surprised to see that when you press the top of the oven, the pizza is not drawn inside. As designed, the pizza would come out half baked, half raw dough and ingredients. For a toy, however, the charm is in the overall design. Most pizza parlors I know do not have a delivery boy rotating on the roof, but that's part of the fun.Another neat feature is a delivery motorcycle that can hold pizzas for eat-at-home delivery. A cheery fellow with safety helmet is on hand to drive drive the motorcycle. A quaint pizzeria itself and mustached chef complete the set.Because the set is uncomplicated, it is great for our 3-year-old granddaughter. The package indicates the set is suitable for ages 1 1/2 to 5."
