Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
I didn't know what to expect from these cars when I first read about them. Most toy cars like these that I've had in the past weren't made very well and didn't go very fast. Well, things have changed since those days- these suckers cruise and can take a beating. Right after taking them out of the package, my daughter and I had a couple races, and laughed at how crazy these cars went. It's such a simple toy, and would make for a great stocking stuffer this year for the 'holiday season'.Playing with these is so easy, even those Jersey Shore kids could figure it out without the instructions (well, maybe). Just twist the front of the car several times until a loud click is heard, put the car down and press the button. The car takes off instantly and goes pretty far. When they hit a wall or other object, they'll usually turn around from the impact and keep going in a different direction. It's really cool since I thought they'd stop altogether. As an added bonus you can mix and match by pulling the cars apart, and when more colors come out, you can make some unique combinations. It's too bad you can't combine them with the school bus models too.Kid Galaxy did a great job on these Ratchet Racers. I didn't think my daughter would like them as much as she does, but she's been playing with them non-stop since we opened the box. It's also surprising that these are as low-priced as they are, where similar toy cars run for a few bucks more.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.03581220656633377,0.036130499094724655,0.03660958260297775,0.03978255018591881,0.037777163088321686,0.03536912426352501,0.03625834733247757,0.03485175967216492,0.03779619187116623,0.03585778921842575,0.03625389188528061,0.037636078894138336,0.03780664876103401,0.038315821439027786,0.03942937031388283,0.03687826916575432,0.03597515448927879,0.03741137310862541,0.03744064271450043,0.037446800619363785,0.03723464161157608,0.03652571886777878,0.036827221512794495,0.03646928071975708,0.03691193088889122,0.039017777889966965,0.036174166947603226
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
These Ratchet Racers are so much fun!  My kids were so excited when I got them out.  It's refreshing to have an enjoyable, good quality toy that moves without having to replenish batteries.To make the cars race, simply wind up the front of the car (easy enough for kids to do) until it clicks, set it down, push the button, and watch it roll!  The cars come apart so you can interchange the front of one car with the back of a different one.  Since this is a two car set, it makes it easy to do.I wasn't quite sure how big of a car I was getting, so here are the approximate dimensions of the cars:  3.75 x 2.5 x 2.5 inches.  It's a good little size for young hands.These cars are great.  Kudos to Kid Galaxy.
We have so many battery-hungry toys in our house, and I'm always on the look-out for a toy that retains its 'cool' factor without requiring a monthly delivery of batteries.  These are perfect!  You twist them up (bonus ratcheting sound), press the button on the top and away they go!  If they hit something in their path, they typically have enough momentum to change course and keep on going.  We've found without obstruction that they can travel the entire path from our kitchen to living room in one trip.My kids love the ratcheting sound and the sheer distance they can cover.  We've also had fun changing the car bodies, and my kids are hoping Santa drops off another set in their stockings so they can mix up a few more colors.  They are the perfect size for little hands, and seem equally as fun to my 2-year old as to my 5-year old.Overall, these have been a big hit.  With a 2-pack, you have a built in race waiting to happen!  Highly recommended!
"you know those toy cars with wheels that need to be ""wound up"" by rubbing the wheels against the floor several times, then letting go? (i'm sure there's a technological term for this but don't know of it - a wind-up car perhaps??) anyway, these cars are propelled under the same principle, except you ""wind up"" the car by turning the two halves, then pushing the button on top. it's great fun for toddlers and preschoolers. the cars go pretty far and keep bouncing around unless they flip over or the halves separate after banging too hard into something. some tips:- the car is being wound if you hear the clickety ratchety sound.- stop when the ratchet sound makes a loud whack-like sound.- if you don't hear any ratcheting, push the black button on top once to ""reset"" it. you should hear the ratcheting sound.the young kids enjoy racing these. i especially like that there's no need for batteries."
I didn't know what to expect from these cars when I first read about them. Most toy cars like these that I've had in the past weren't made very well and didn't go very fast. Well, things have changed since those days- these suckers cruise and can take a beating. Right after taking them out of the package, my daughter and I had a couple races, and laughed at how crazy these cars went. It's such a simple toy, and would make for a great stocking stuffer this year for the 'holiday season'.Playing with these is so easy, even those Jersey Shore kids could figure it out without the instructions (well, maybe). Just twist the front of the car several times until a loud click is heard, put the car down and press the button. The car takes off instantly and goes pretty far. When they hit a wall or other object, they'll usually turn around from the impact and keep going in a different direction. It's really cool since I thought they'd stop altogether. As an added bonus you can mix and match by pulling the cars apart, and when more colors come out, you can make some unique combinations. It's too bad you can't combine them with the school bus models too.Kid Galaxy did a great job on these Ratchet Racers. I didn't think my daughter would like them as much as she does, but she's been playing with them non-stop since we opened the box. It's also surprising that these are as low-priced as they are, where similar toy cars run for a few bucks more.
"I remember having several similar toys when I was a child. Either you revved up the cars, you pulled them back, or you has some type of gizmo to perform one of those actions for you. However, those toys were usually cheaply made and didn't last long. I was prepared to be disappointed by the Ratchet Racers, but I'm glad that I was wrong!These little cars are fun and fast! Not only that, but they go a respectable distance as well. They are really easy to wind up, even my 5 year old nephew was able to set them up and let them go. He thought it was funny when they would run into a wall and bound and roll to a new direction and just keep going.I think the ability to ""Mix and Match"" the front and rear is kind of cool, but I could have done without it. In my experience, kids will take them apart, lose one piece and off to the store we go to buy a new one!A great new toy that brings back a lot of good memories! I can see this being a big stocking stuffer for the holidays."
"If you have more than one little racer in the house you might also want to consider adding  theKid Galaxy Rachet Racers Fire Truck/School Bus Setto this set.  Just to give you an idea as to the size, these are approximately four times the size of a Hot Wheels car or an average sized coffee mug.  The four pieces of the vehicles, front and back, are interchangeable for a bit more imaginative play and fun.  They connect easily, but I would not recommend them for any child under the age of three, nor one who might have poor hand and eye coordination.Once the car is connected, you simply twist the front end to the right and keep turning until a ""rachety"" sound is heard (you cannot overwind these vehicles).  When you're ready to go you simply press the square launch button on the top and it takes off.  There are some instances that these don't perform well.  They are not intended to be outdoor toys and will not work on rough surfaces such as grass or sand.  Carpet will hinder their performance as well.  If they are launched into an area where there is a slight incline and hit a wall they won't budge.These are very colorful, exciting little cars, but like everything kid-oriented once the boredom factor hits they will be put aside.  I do like the fact that they can run under their own power and don't need batteries and are interchangeable.  I'd suggest getting a small case to keep them in because they come apart easily and can become misplaced.  The Rachet Racers are fun, innovative, and I wouldn't be at all surprised if they become collectibles."
"Let me explain my grandson Tony to you. Tony is 5 and Destructo Boy. Every gift ever given is PLAYED with until it gives it's all. I thought he would like these cars, but I gave them a week's life, tops.Surprise! Three months later, they show little signs of wear although he plays with them daily. They still stay together, still run perfectly. He has not tired of them. If they can survive Tony, they are perfect for any child you might need a gift for.I LOVE that he plays with them instead of battery operated toys!They are the PERFECT ""With Love From Gramma"" gift!"
With any toy for little kids, I think durability is of utmost importance. It's only a matter of time before the toy gets stepped on, crashed into, dropped from a height, etc. And though my initial impression of these cars was that they felt cheap, they've stood up to intense playing quite well so far.I was impressed that the cars ran fairly well on carpeted floors in addition to wood floors. A lot of wind-up cars like these struggle to make any headway on anything but hard floors. Additionally, they're easy for kids to wind-up and then release with a push-button on top.My one beef - and it's not a big one - is that the mix-and-match feature of the cars means that they come apart really easily. There's no catch in pulling them apart and, as a result, they come apart super easy. That happens on occasion when they crash as well. It's not a huge deal, but sort of annoying.All in all, they're fun cars (I don't mind at all when my kids pull them out to play!).
"This you has a unique twist (pardon the pun).  Instead of revving up the tension-based ""motor"" by dragging the car backwards on a surface, you twist the car's from hand back halves, effectively winding it up.  The fronts and backs are interchangeable.  Other than that, there isn't much else to the toy cars.  They have a novelty aspect about them, I suppose, with their unique ""ratcheting"" design.My son is a two year old and didn't play with these for very long before they got tossed in with his other cars."
"My kids love cars, and so I couldn't pass up the opportunity to try out this new product. I think they would've liked the fire truck and bus version better in terms of looks, but they were happy nonetheless. I'd say these cars aren't anything really that new or special, but they to take existing ideas and tweak on the principles. Instead of your typical car that you pull back to go, these cars actually wind up by turning around the back portion. You then simply push the button on the top, and the car goes speeding off. In addition (like other cars I've seen) the bodies are interchangeable. This makes for a unique car that my son and daughter haven't quite experienced in one package. They've had cars that wind up and go, and they've even had cars that can change bodies. Putting them together, however, added a whole new level for them. They've raced both cars against each other, and even integrated them into their existing ""car play time,"" which involves a car rug/mat that they drive around on.For a $13.70 price, as a parent, I do think they're priced a little high for what they are. For a 2 pack, a price under $10 would be better, in my opinion, compared to what else is on the market. Besides the price, it all comes down to me of how the kids enjoy the cars. They're happy, and that makes me happy. If you've got kids that love cars, these will, no doubt, be a great addition  to their growing car collection."
These toy cars are fun and they put up with a lot of abuse!  The front and the back separate revealing a ratchet mechanism in the middle.  You wind the cars up, press a button on the top and let them go.  They go further than the kinds of cars you have to pull back and let go.  They also move pretty well on carpet (though you may have to bump them to get them going). You can change out the front and back with the other car.  We played for nearly an hour last night with my toddler and 5 year old letting the cars run off the coffee table and onto the floor.  These cars are lots of fun!  I'm looking at ordering the bus and fire engine for Christmas!  They are well worth the sticker price.
Kid Galaxy's Ratchet Racers are perfect for little ones like my four year old son.  They are small enough for little hands to grab, but plump enough so that they don't have any sharp corners to scrap or scratch children with.  In this particular set, there is a race car and a truck (although which one is exactly the truck is tough at first glance).  They can be taken apart into two pieces each and interchanged to make up silly looking vehicles that are half race car/half truck.To crank them up, simply twist the two parts a few times.  After you are satsfied with the cranking, place them on a hard surface like a wood floor or concrete carport and then push the button on top to watch them go.The button is what I believe I like most about these little toys.  There's no need to hold the tires in place or press down hard on the vehicle before letting it go.  Just push the button and they are off!In my son's hands, these little vehicles have managed to hold up quite well.  They've already taken a few hits from table corners, walls, and the occasional cat, but they aren't that much worse for wear yet.Recommended to children under the age of eight.  These little cars are very fun to play with.
We got this toy for my son's 5th birthday. He is a fan of all things with wheels, so cars that race right up his alley.I was drawn to the fact that this doesn't require batteries, doesn't have lights or beeps or some random voice that talks. This set contains 2 cars, that ratchet to go with pieces that can be interchanged.I wasn't impressed with the feel of these cars. The cars come in 2 pieces that click together. You must press a button at the top and then twist the two sides. When done, the car starts to click loudly. My son had a hard time getting the order of click- turn- click- go. Eventually he got the hang of it, but still comes to me to 'fix' them once in a while.Its cool that the cars can trade fronts and back to create something new. Its been a fun toy for my son and his older sister.So while I am not sure how long this will last due to its flimsy feel, for right now it does its job by entertaining them long enough for me to make dinner.
"There seems to be a recurring theme in these reviews -- the opposite of disappointment.  My expectations, like several others here, weren't high at all.  These were ""cheap"" cars, I told myself, and if they broke within a week, that would be okay and maybe even a learning experience.  I was really quite wrong.  These cars are actually very well made and really resilient!Not only are they self-powered and require no batteries, they're fairly creative.  You ""wind"" the cars at the midsection of the car, then put them down, press the button on top, and they're off!  This is a refreshing way of powering a car like this (remember those serated black whip-strings we had when we were kids, and we had to pull them out super-fast to get the car revved up?) and the button on top is the best because you can get both cars to start up from a dead stop right at once.The Ratchet Racers I got for my son didn't include the race track, and I'm tempted to buy it again just because my almost-three year old loves these cars by themselves, and would be out of his mind happy with a track, too!  We've been racing them down a hall and into the kitchen to crash into the cabinets, and he laughs every time they crash.  As I mentioned earlier, I thought one crash might ruin the set for good, but they are made for crashing and built to last.Additionally, the fact that you can take the cars apart and put the front end of one onto the back end of the other is a little treat for my son.  He figured it out right away, and he was so excited that he could do that that he did the ""Daddy!  Daddy!"" exclamation and even ran into the other room to show his mother (and try to explain it to her as well).In my opinion, this is short money for a fun and durable toy, and I would definitely recommend it, not only for my son's entertainment experience, but also because I fully expect to buy more of these in the future, for my son and as presents."
My son is a transportation nut and loves cars, construction vehicles, trains and airplanes. I thought he might be a bit young for this but it turns out he likes it fine. At first, he had a hard time putting the cars together but after several tries he's able to mostly do it himself. He giggles and claps whenever he sets the cars down and they zoom off on their own.The cars are somewhat resilient. They've been dropped and mishandled greatly but they're still working. They go very fast on hardwood floors but have a harder time on carpet. In fact, you have to nudge them a little to get them started on carpet and once they get going they're a bit slow. But this isn't a big issue for us since we do have a lot of hardwood floors for him to play on.
"my son got these for xmas. i LOVE that they are ""kid powered"". you just wind them up and they go. the tracks are long but very uneven. sometimes the cars get stuck. he ejoys the fact that the winner makes the finish line flag pop up. good set OH and the cars are all interchangeable"
"This is a great little set for kids who love cars.  Instead of ""revving"" the wheels, you twist the car to make it go.  These race nicely on tile and hardwood floors (actually go a pretty good distance), not so much on carpet (as would be expected).  My boys have a TON of cars.  They raced these against each other and also their older ""rev the wheels"" racing cars.  I'm not sure how well these cars are going to stand up to multiple hits against the wall and furniture.  But for the price, these are exactly the quality that I would expect them to be.  The ""twisting"" motion to ""rev"" them up is a good hand/eye coordination exercise for younger kids.  My boys both enjoy them and think they are cool.  I plan on buying them the other set for Christmas."
Right away I like this toy because it doesn't require batteries. The Ratchet Racers are wind up cars. The two halves of each car come apart and they are interchangeable. The back end holds the power stem and the launch button. Put the two halves together. Make sure the power button is up. Twist the two halves of the car until you hear a clicking noise. Put the car down, press the launch button and away it goes. My 2-year old grandson loves cars so these racers sparked instant interest. The put together, wind up, press the button sequence is a 3-step process he learned quickly but now must remember and repeat, which is much more of a challenge than an on/off switch. He likes the mechanics of these cars and so do I. He keeps returning to them when he plays because he wants to master the sequence. The cars work on carpet and tile. They are durable for indoor use and can take a tumble down the stairs. The wind-up mechanism is designed to prevent over winding. It's obvious that they would not stand up to outdoor play in dirt, sand or water because of the wind-up mechanism. Because of the simple mechanics of these cars, they are great for toddler boys who like to take things apart and put them together, and figure out how stuff works.
These are fun little cars (and I mean little), but they seem a little cheap and flimsy. The interchangeable bodies is kind of cool, but it's thin plastic and they don't seem like they will last very long. Time will tell. Kind of a wash. Overall, they seem decent but not great.UPDATE: So we've now had these for a while, and contrary to my expectations, they have actually held up very well indeed. My son (4 years old) and daughter (2 years old) still play with them often (which is unusual enough) and they get pretty banged up. They're still going strong with nary a crack, dent, or scratch. Color me impressed!
I received these cars through the Amazon Vine Program, and my son tested them out for me.  He's three years old and getting a few new cars to play with made him very happy.  They are quite sturdy, he smashes them into anything and they have yet to fall apart.  The basically do what cars do, they roll around and are part of his imaginary games.  I would suggest these for any small boy, they completely lack any educational value, but that's kind of the point of buying toy cars.
I'm a mom of four boys and my kids have been playing with these Ratchet Racers for about a month now. They have really enjoyed them. The construction is top notch~ even after about 100 crashes from the table, the counter, the fireplace etc, there has been no cracking or breaking and all parts are accounted for.My 4, 7, and 9 year olds were able to wind up them up and start playing with no assistance from me, although they older two admittedly lost interest far more quickly.The 2-year-old loves these cars the most but he has also needed the most help from me. The fact that the cars break into two pieces (so that you can mix and match parts to make your own car) makes it challenging for younger children. It was a little tedious to have him bringing it to me every 10 seconds to be put back together and wound up. However, after about three weeks of doing this, today he got them out, put them together, wound them up all on his own, and pushed the button to make them go. Both he and I were VERY pleased with this new skill. He had a lot of fun winding them up and driving them into things. The cars are big enough that chubby little hands can get a good grip on them, but not so big that they would break something driving around the house.My only complaint with these cars is the break-away design seems a little unnecessary. Since the cars are shaped the same way, by mixing them you really only get a car that's half gray and half blue, which isn't that big of a deal. I would rather have cars with the same ratcheting battery-free design, but without breaking apart. That's a minor issue though, and now that my son has learned to put them together on his own it matters less to me.I *love* that these cars do not require batteries and that they are so simple to operate. All in all, they are very fun and would make a great stocking stuffer or as a take-along toy for grandma's house. It should be noted that these are not intended for outside play and the instructions clearly state to keep them away from dirt or sand. I've caught my boys several times trying to sneak them outside. Not sure if dirt would affect how they work or not, but I'm keeping them inside to be on the safe side. I think three years old  would probably be the most appropriate age for this toy, but my 2-1/2 and 4-year-olds still really enjoy them.
I received these cars as a gift for my 4 year old son. From the time we took them out of the package he hasn't put them down. They are a simple wind-up toy, but are very durable. He has crashed them off boxes onto the tile floor and they keep going. I would recommend this wind up car set for any child ages 3 and up.
These seem to be cheaply made, but they are actually pretty durable and my children LOVE them.  I have a 4 and 6 year old, and they both enjoy playing with them.  Not sure they have educational value really, but they are some more old fashioned fun without too much gimmick.  Yes, they seem over priced for the type of toy, but they are less than so many other toys that the kids don't actually play with...
"I got this set of wind-up race cars because I thought they looked pretty cool, I was thinking my 2 year old granddaughter could play with them in a year or so...well, with a little instruction, she can play with them now!  They are perfect ""kid-hand-sized"" toys and they are easy for them to grasp and wind.  The only issue we came across was that you have to make sure the button on top is popped up before you wind it, or it doesn't wind.  You can of course hear if it is winding or not, but 2 year olds are so ready to make them race they skim over that fact sometimes.  These cars have ran into cabinets, chairs, walls, and people...and even got carried around for a bit by my dog and they held up well.  We raced them on carpet and tile and it works on both but of course is faster on the tile.  I recommend this toy for someone looking for a low maintenance (ie, no batteries) and simple toy that can be enjoyed for the long term."
"I don't have children in my household, so I waited until Christmas to test the appeal and durability of the Ratchet Racers. My 5-year old granddaughter had so much fun with them, but she had to wait her turn. My 3 grown children, their spouses and my husband all wanted a turn with the Ratchet Racers too. My husband and son own an auto repair shop. Anything ""car"" gets their attention. The cars I received are a pickup and a sports car. You can take the vehicles apart and switch the front of one to the back of the other one. They are fun to race because you can line them up and they don't take off until you push a button. The best part of all is that they don't need batteries!"
This car is like the kind we had as kids where you would push it backwards and it would wind it up so that when you let go it would propel itself along for several yards.  With this version, you twist the front relative to the back and that's what winds it up.  Then you press the button on the top to engage the spring.  As it turns out, the front of the car has 2 functions--be the front wheels so that the middle of the car doesn't drop and drag and also it is the piece that turns the crank on the spring when you wind it up.  Because that's all it does, you can switch the front of one car with that of the other and have multicolored cars.  There is a clutch that prevents you from winding too tight and the springs are all tightly sealed inside the back end of the car, so the toy appears to be pretty durable.  Most importantly, the kids loved playing with them.  My kids are girls, so the cars were eventually forgotten in favor of the Polly Pockets that they also received for Christmas, but I could see how boys could really enjoy these.
I let my two granddaughters, ages 3 and 8, play with these.  They enjoyed them a lot.  Even the 3 year old took about 30 seconds to figure out how to operate them, and they kept them entertained for about 10 minutes.  That's a lot for a 3 year old.  They came back to them several times over the next few hours.
