Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
This game is so cute! For the price, I was shocked at how sturdy the cardboard pieces were. The idea of the game is really fun. You roll two dice and select one action. There are only two action choices, pick up passengers or fly passengers to their destination. You rely on a mix of luck and strategy. Luck comes into play with the roll of the dice and the random selection of souvenir cards, strategy comes into play with deciding which passengers you want to pick up and when you want to pick up passengers or drop off. The cardboard airplanes make the game a lot of fun and the characters are beloved from my childhood, even if my daughter isn&#8217;t sure who they all are. The game moves quickly and encourages logic and counting skills. I can&#8217;t recommend this game enough! SUPER FUN!!!

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.06035386398434639,0.061180129647254944,0.05994574725627899,0.057877860963344574,0.06076907366514206,0.058972954750061035,0.05613260716199875,0.057342708110809326,0.0569705031812191,0.0587051659822464,0.057983025908470154,0.05827200040221214,0.05975453928112984,0.05915430188179016,0.057682763785123825,0.058420419692993164,0.06048230081796646
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
"While my 3 YO is not a huge fan of Richard Scarry stuff (he likes the books ok, but doesn't ask me to read them much), he IS a huge fan of anything that has to do with airplanes.Unfortunately this game was pretty disappointing from a parental view, considering the appropriate age range targeted.My primary criticism is that while the airplane ""pieces"" themselves are made out of very sturdy cardboard, the rest of the game feels cheap and flimsy, the worst offenders being the fingernail sized passenger and cargo pieces, which are basically just tiny pieces of thin cardboard.  We have already lost several of these miniscule pieces, just after playing the games twice! (they're that small).  And because they are thin paper, when they are on a hardwood floor...ARGH!  Annoying!  We ended up with several bent pieces right off the bat.  Simple fix though - if the game company would make these pieces plastic, I think it would improve the playability and durability significantly.  At least in our house, flimsy small paper things don't tend to last long with a three year old.Played with a range of kids, from 3 to 8, and contrary to most of the reviews here, we were all frankly a little bored after just a few turns.  I will say that the game itself is quite original, and thought the idea sounded fun when I read the blurb about the game - but I just found that it was not that much fun.  The three YO had much more fun just ""flying"" the airplanes, and was not interested at all in the actual game play.Overall, I have to give this just an ""It was OK"" of 3 stars, most of those awarded for the sheer originality of the game, but I do plan to give the series one more shot and buy the Busytown game that seems to be extremely well reviewed.I personally would not recommend this game, but as you can see, mine is the minority view here, so YMMV."
This game is so cute! For the price, I was shocked at how sturdy the cardboard pieces were. The idea of the game is really fun. You roll two dice and select one action. There are only two action choices, pick up passengers or fly passengers to their destination. You rely on a mix of luck and strategy. Luck comes into play with the roll of the dice and the random selection of souvenir cards, strategy comes into play with deciding which passengers you want to pick up and when you want to pick up passengers or drop off. The cardboard airplanes make the game a lot of fun and the characters are beloved from my childhood, even if my daughter isn&#8217;t sure who they all are. The game moves quickly and encourages logic and counting skills. I can&#8217;t recommend this game enough! SUPER FUN!!!
We love Busytown and all the characters. My boys love airplanes so the Richard Scarry's Busytown Busy, Busy Airport Game was right up their alley. The game is designed for ages 3+. My boys who have just turned 6 and 8, both thought the game was cool and fun.You drop dice down a tower and get your instructions on where to go and how many passengers to take. You fly around the different destinations picking up souvenirs. The one who collects the most souvenirs wins.Adorable Busytown graphics and characters. My boys are probably at the top of the age range for this game but they still enjoy playing it. A board game is a nice break from sandbox toys and video games.
"Richard Scarry's A Day at the Airportis one of my five year old nephew's favorite storybooks so he was glad to try this Busy, Busy Airport game with his buddies.Likes:*A simple yet intriguing game with a cardboard airport terminal, airplanes, passengers, destinations, and souvenirs, etc.  All with Richard Scarry's fun illustrations.*Easy to understand rules.  A supervising parent/guardian/adult will make the learning process faster by guiding the kids through a few games.*Kids learn how to follow game rules, take their turns, throw the dice down the control tower, and fly different passengers to different destinations in order to collector souvenirs.*Two to four players can join in the fun.  Player with the most ""souvenirs"" at the end of the game (no more passengers at the airport), wins the game.*The kids were thrilled with all the neat, detailed, and familiar illustrations from Richard Scarry's storybooks on all the game components.Slight concern:*Some kids can be rough with the cardboard airplanes, passenger tiles, and souvenir cards, etc...There will be wear and tear and lost tiles/cards over time.Overall:A nicely designed, fun to play game that teaches kids about taking their turns, following rules, counting and loading the correct number of passengers and collecting the corresponding number of souvenir cards at the destinations, then finally adding the numbers on the souvenir cards to see who wins."
"This is a very simple game that will definitely work better with two or more players about the same age (2 to 4 players) to create a little excitement.  The basic premise is that after the two colorful dice are dropped through the tower, you load one or two passengers into a plane, fly to one or two destinations, pick up a souvenir card for each passenger you drop off and then head back to the Busytown airport.I feel the construction of the Airport is in line with any other game.  The bottom part of the box has very colorful, animated, graphics from the Richard Scarry series, and things like the planes (wings and body) are more than 1/8"" thick.  These will definitely hold up to a lot of flying around the room.The Passenger and Souvenir Cards, which are stowed away in a small Ziplock-style bag are very small at 1 1/2"" x 3/4"" and 1"" x 3/4"" respectively.  As with any game care will be needed to keep from losing them.  They are however, quite solid.  The Destination Mats are a tad thin, but will hold up because they aren't being handled as much.Counting up the scores will be where the pre-math skills come in, a fun way to begin learning.  The game is fun, interactive, and educational.  More than likely, the best audience will be for the Richard Scarry fan.  Not sure what all the complaints are about quality, but this game is very solid, especially the planes, and quite well thought out and put together for a lot of fun.CONTENTS:&#9658;  4 Airplanes&#9658;  1 Dice Tower&#9658;  1 Airport Box&#9658;  16 Passenger Tiles&#9658;  16 Souvenir Cards&#9658;  4 Destination Mats&#9658;  2 Dice&#9658;  1 Game Rules ManualSPECS:&#9658;  Ages 3+ (Preshool)&#9658;  2 to 4 players&#9658;  Game time:  approximately 15 minutesSET UP:1. Attach the control tower to the side of the airport box2.  Place the destination pads (Mountain, Beach, Forest and City) around the room.3.  Place each stack of souvenir cards face down on its matching destination pad.4.  Stand all 16 passengers tiles in the airport--it doesn't matter where you put them. They insert intothe slots in the airport floor.5.  Each player selects an airplane.  Make sure you attach the wings to your plane using the plastic clip.RICHARD SCARRY BOOKS:Richard Scarry's A Day at the AirportRichard Scarry's Cars and Trucks and Things That GoRichard Scarry's Best First Book Ever!Richard Scarry's What Do People Do All Day?Richard Scarry's Busy, Busy TownRichard Scarry's Best Word Book Ever(Giant Golden Book)Richard Scarry's A Day at the Fire StationRichard Scarry's Best Storybook Ever!(Giant Little Golden Book)Richard Scarry's Best Counting Book EverRichard Scarry's The Adventures of Lowly Worm"
My almost 4 year old loves the game, although he still learns the rules. The part where you throw two dice and then choose only one action is quite confusing for him for some reason, so we only use one dice for now.The game is cleverly made, and it is somewhat active, depending on where do you place the destinations. The airplanes are easy to assemble and to take apart, but when you load a plane with passengers and start flying it, it is easy to tilt the plane too much, with passengers flying off in every direction. The passengers are small, and we already lost one, although the game is still playable, and we could simply made another one out of cardboard. I guess it is hard to strike a balance between ease of putting the pieces inside the plane and making sure they will stay there.I love that the game board is the box itself, and it does not take too much space on the table. Everything is covered with detailed artwork and my son loves to carefully study it, too
What kid doesn't love Richard Scarry books, with all those fascinating characters and activities filling every page? This game carries us into that world, and provides the opportunity to go brrrrm, brrrrm, brrrrm with a fleet of planes just right for little hands to carry around the room. The yellow one in an only-Richard-Scarry touch is really a flying pencil. The set up sounds ideal for a lot of game time fun.The problem starts, however, with a set of tiny (barely one inch square!) cards that are on such thin cardstock that they bend when little fingers try to pull them out of the little plastic storage bag. Then there are the passengers. All these familiar Scarry characters are ready to slot into places in the airport (the box base, a nice touch for helping keeping pieces together) and move into the planes for flights around the room. They do, however, are made of materials so thin that they quickly bend and get ruffled bottoms that become frustratingly difficult to put into those little slots.The planes themselves do assemble easily and the idea of making a game of carrying little passengers around one's own room geography is a fun way for very young children to learn about rolling dice (especially these, decorated with more Scarry drawings) and following directions. However, the size and quality of the materials in this game are significant drawbacks. Though we haven't had the game for long, I don't see that it will be a toy that will last. I'm starting to wonder if making our own set of larger cards, from cardstock and cut-out pictures from a well-worn Scarry book, might help us keep the game going longer, but for an item in this price range, that doesn't seem to be something we should even have to consider...and for most of us who love Richard Scarry , there may never come a time when we would want to desecrate any one of those books we grew up with.
This game is so fun!First of all, I love the design of it. The airplanes are easy to put together and made of extra thick cardboard. The accessories (passengers and souvenirs) are made of tiny pieces of card, but everything is high quality. All the printing on the card is high quality and even the box is made to be part of the game.On the surface, this is a really simple game. You just pick up and transport passengers back and forth on the roll of a die. Easy to understand and fun to play with for the youngsters. You don't have to be a fan of Richard Scarry to like it, but the cute Busytown figures make it so much fun. With a few adaptations it can also be fun for the college or adult crowd. It does say 3+ with no limit after all. Just flying the plane and making engine noises took the years off me, everyone should try it!Overall, a fun and easy game to play with. High quality pieces. Highly recommended.
"Richard Scarry's ""Busy, Busy Airport"" game is a cute game that will get people up and moving around the room, but its countless tiny pieces will be lost in no time. I instead recommend its predecessor,Richard Scarry Busy TownThe game consists of four boards (""destinations"") that you scatter around the room along with ""souvenirs"" for your travelers to collect (which you have to organize before playing). You then assemble the airplanes and set up the passengers--a bit tedious, to be honest. Then you roll the dice to decide whether you're picking up passengers, or going somewhere. When you get a traveler to where he wants to go, you get a souvenir card. Once all the travelers in the airport have gotten to their destinations, you count up how many souvenirs each player has. (Technically, according to the rules, each player gets a final turn once the last passenger is picked up. This is hard to explain to a preschooler, especially one who still has passengers on his plane.) Each player then adds up the souvenirs they collected--each card has a certain number of items on it, so you add up all the items on all the cards they collected.My two little boys, a kindergartner and a preschooler, are not patient enough to play this game according to the rules. Even if they were to finish a game, they are just barely old enough to do the math to add up the points on their souvenir cards; although that's still a bit of a stretch.I do like the attention to detail, such as using the game box as part of the game, and finding an innovative way to roll the dice (drop them into the control tower). And some kids doubtless will enjoy this game very much. But I would say not everyone is going to enjoy this game."
My daughter loves Busytown so when I saw this game, I knew I had to get it! And I'm so glad I got it because it's not only fun, but educational. With all the characters from the original show, you help them go on vacation to their destinations. It's very fun for young kids!
It's not as exciting as other board games, but it's still a lot of fun and very sweet.  Would recommend giving along with a Richard Scarry book collection, as the game might encourage reading, and the books might add appeal to the game.
We all had a good time playing this game. The whole family had a really good time. We all remember Richard Scary from books as well as the television show. The game is pretty simple. The fun the kids had was playing with the plane overall. the kids will find the game easy to play and comes with easy instructions. Love that it teaches math and teaches them about different places. overall kids will love interacting with this game and pretending to fly.
After reading the game description I thought this would be a great game to keep my very-active 5 year old entertained.  She has a hard time sitting still through any game that takes more than 10 minutes, so giving her the opportunity to get up and 'fly' her plane around the room sounded very appealing.The concept is great, but the execution not so much.  The game was fun the first few times but after that she quickly became bored with it.  Parts of the game definitely need to be constructed better - some of the pieces are so tiny and flimsy, I know they will easily become lost or destroyed/bent.  They definitely need to make the pieces larger and sturdier.  There is very minimal assembly - we haven't had any issues with the planes staying together that some others have mentioned.Overall it's an ok game, it's a nice switch from the other games we play all the time, but it's not something we'll reach for that often.
I was quite impressed with this game. The box doubles as the airport terminal game board, and you fly the airplanes to their vacation destination by rolling a colorful dice. Then drop off your passenger and pick up a souvenir. My 4 1/2 year old loves this game, and my 2 1/2 year old loves to play with the planes. The pieces are all printed on sturdy cardboard and should last the abuse of young kids (within reason). The game is bright and colorful and very simple to play. You can set the vacation spots around the room so kids can fly their planes to visit their destinations - that was a hit for my kids! Wonderfully designed, definitely recommend it as a first game for young kids.
This simple little game has quickly become a favorite in our house.First, the setup is a breeze.  The bottom of the box is part of the game, so don't set it aside. Just clip the tower to the side of the box, put the planes together (easy) and you're pretty much ready to go.  Before I knew it, my daughter and I had our planes and were flying around the room taking passengers to island and mountains and picking up souvenirs.The game is durable and made of high quality materials.  And yes, if you decide to make up a new game where you take your airplanes and hurl them across the room, seeing who can make their airplanes fly the farthest, the airplanes are up to the challenge.We found the game easy to understand, a whole lot of fun, and now my little one wants to take a real vacation!
The Richard Scarry Airport Game is a neat game for children 4 and over.  I think this was a little bit much for my 3 year to play with very long.  I think maybe he will enjoy the game when he is a little older.
My daughter is 3 1/2 years old, and really enjoys playing games like this.  We already had the classic Candy Land and Chutes and Ladders games.  She really enjoys this Richard Scarry Airport Game.  She told me that they have the same game at her daycare, and she sometimes plays it there.I highly recommend taking the time to play a game like this with your child occasionally.  It teaches them patience and how to take turns.
