Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
This review is an update from the previous version, since we've had the race set for several months now. I had to give it another star, since 1) it's held up very well, and 2) it's still fun!The biggest grief in the original review was the fact that it was a flimsy track.  Well, that's actually a blessing in disguise.  The track is not made of hard plastic, but that allows it to take a beating (stepped on/thrown/twisted/chewed) and still work.  After several months, all the track pieces still fit together.  The only things that are somewhat warped are the hard plastic in the finish line flags.My sons and daughters all love this race set--it keeps them entertained and they know how to wind the cars themselves.  What they've figured out is that the cars are even more fun off-track through the kitchen.  These cars work wonderfully on any hard surface because they have rubberized tires.No batteries needed, and after months of use, the ratcheting system in both cars still work. The only gripe I have now is that you can't really find these in stores, so unless you come back to Amazon, you can't get new cars or additional track.  Oh well, no big deal there.I recommend this toy to anyone with kids who like to race cars.(Original Review)This toy has been a big hit with my boys (under 5). My oldest has finally figured out how to attach the car pieces together and twist them to wind it up before it can race. My youngest always needs help with it, which is to be expected.The toy is aimed at ages 3+. The great part about them is that no batteries are required!After long-term use, I expect that the tracks will crack easily. They aren't made of a hard, durable plastic. They remind me of clamshell plastic, like you find on berry packages at the grocery store. It seems likely that after being stepped on a few times, they would break. Of course no one wants their child to step on the toy, but realistically speaking, kids do it.Also, since the cars are mix-and-matchable, they have a plastic piece which is about an inch long and inserts into the back half of the car. This is another piece which seems a likely part to break.Overall, it has been a fun toy for my boys. They race through the kitchen and love watching the cars fly off the end of the track and keep going, bouncing off walls and corners.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.043891485780477524,0.04441313073039055,0.03983405977487564,0.042086776345968246,0.041204240173101425,0.043178755789995193,0.0388762466609478,0.04164347052574158,0.043083760887384415,0.04216378182172775,0.04071110859513283,0.041546374559402466,0.039567265659570694,0.039214860647916794,0.04217451810836792,0.0414205938577652,0.04150094836950302,0.04036276787519455,0.0426504909992218,0.03987026959657669,0.04276172071695328,0.041412271559238434,0.043706879019737244,0.04272424057126045
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
I cannot recommend this product as it fails on multiple levels.  First, the build construction is simply ultra low.  The plastic is flimsy, and one of the two cars arrived in the package broken (specifically, the cranking mechanism for driving the tires was broken).  Second, its a strange and unwieldy concept for cranking the car.  Unlike most toy cars like this where you pull the car backwards to wind up the tire driving element, this one requires you to twist the two halves of the car until its sufficiently wound.  Its goofy, unintuitive and bound to quickly lose the attention of most kids.  Further, this mechanism approach is highly prone to mechanical failure, as I learned with the item directly out of the box.  Third, the fun factor isn't high enough to justify buying; its only about 5 linear feet of track, no curves or bends.  Obviously the car just travels straight until it crosses the finish line.  That's only so much fun for so long, and does not provide any of the visual appeal typically seen with curves and other elements.  Lastly, and this comment is for the manufacturer if they read these reviews, the packaging is terribly unappealing visually.  It would not stand out at all in a crowded shelf of toys.UPDATEI just realized, when my daughter's finger began to bleed, the tracks are extremely sharp.  They are constructed of super thin plastic, the bottom of which essentially has rails that are razor thin and ultra sharp.  Had I assembled the tracks myself, I very likely would have been cut.  This item needs to be recalled immediately!
This review is an update from the previous version, since we've had the race set for several months now. I had to give it another star, since 1) it's held up very well, and 2) it's still fun!The biggest grief in the original review was the fact that it was a flimsy track.  Well, that's actually a blessing in disguise.  The track is not made of hard plastic, but that allows it to take a beating (stepped on/thrown/twisted/chewed) and still work.  After several months, all the track pieces still fit together.  The only things that are somewhat warped are the hard plastic in the finish line flags.My sons and daughters all love this race set--it keeps them entertained and they know how to wind the cars themselves.  What they've figured out is that the cars are even more fun off-track through the kitchen.  These cars work wonderfully on any hard surface because they have rubberized tires.No batteries needed, and after months of use, the ratcheting system in both cars still work. The only gripe I have now is that you can't really find these in stores, so unless you come back to Amazon, you can't get new cars or additional track.  Oh well, no big deal there.I recommend this toy to anyone with kids who like to race cars.(Original Review)This toy has been a big hit with my boys (under 5). My oldest has finally figured out how to attach the car pieces together and twist them to wind it up before it can race. My youngest always needs help with it, which is to be expected.The toy is aimed at ages 3+. The great part about them is that no batteries are required!After long-term use, I expect that the tracks will crack easily. They aren't made of a hard, durable plastic. They remind me of clamshell plastic, like you find on berry packages at the grocery store. It seems likely that after being stepped on a few times, they would break. Of course no one wants their child to step on the toy, but realistically speaking, kids do it.Also, since the cars are mix-and-matchable, they have a plastic piece which is about an inch long and inserts into the back half of the car. This is another piece which seems a likely part to break.Overall, it has been a fun toy for my boys. They race through the kitchen and love watching the cars fly off the end of the track and keep going, bouncing off walls and corners.
My daughter loves the Ratchet Racer cars she got recently, and I went for this drag strip set as soon as I saw it, figuring it'd be a cool extra for her cars. Sadly, the star of this set isn't the drag strip. No, it's the cars that were thrown in that were the best part, and unless they start selling these two in their own set, I don't recommend shelling out the money for this. You know what the worst part is? Before opening the package, I read the other reviews that mentioned how sharp the edges of the strip are and was fully aware of this before putting it together. And yet, I still cut myself. This toy really should be recalled because there's no reason why something for younger kids like this should be so hazardous. At the same time, kids will probably get bored of the strip within minutes, that it'll never pose a threat after it's thrown into storage somewhere, never to be used again.As I said in my review for the silver and blue Ratchet Racer cars, these things are great. They're durable, go super fast, travel far, and you can change the front and backsides with each other. That feature is included here too, and while it doesn't do anything special for them, different combinations for the cars is always a plus for kids. To make them go, you simply wind the front half a few times until it clicks loudly, then put it down and hit the button on top. The car takes off like Carlos Mencia with a voice recorder to a funny comedian's show and if it hits a wall or something, it'll either spin out of control or take the bump and keep going in a different direction. Seriously, these cars are great.As for the track, even if it weren't sharp, there's nothing good to say about it. It's boring, the cars usually don't stay in their own lanes, and the obstacles are kinda lame. It's a lot more fun to make your own obstacle courses with your child, using other toys and objects around the house. Unless your entire home has carpeted floors in every room, there's no reason to use the strip when you can race on any hard floor and get the same results. To be fair though, and again, apart from the sharpness, it has a good design to it, and it's a shame they didn't put more time and thought into the strip. It could've been a great extra.The price on this set isn't bad, and you -are- getting two cars in it. I recommend this set only for those cars. If they make a set of just the cars, go for that instead of this since you'll be saving a little bit of money by doing so. Otherwise, just buy the other Ratchet Racers that are out now- they're great fun and my daughter is still laughing like crazy when we have races and they wipe out after hitting each other.
This ratchet race car drag strip toy is lots of fun. The interchangeable cars are fun to wind up and race down the drag strip. I think this is a lot of fun. Having said that, this toy is not the most sturdy toy. The drag strip is made out of cheap plastic and sometimes I feel like the cars could break easily when being wound up.
We have a lot of open hard floors in the house and the kids love shooting these cars across the floor and running to get them.  Even more amusing, they aim them at the cats who pounce and attack.  The kids range from 2 to 10 and all play with them together.They quickly lost interest in the tracks and, after reading other reviews where children cut themselves on the tracks, I trashed them.  If you can get these for under $10, the kids will enjoy them.
This set is quite cute - you can build your car, change it around, and race it against it's component. However, the track is about 36 inches long and they always go flying into each other, and quite frankly, after about 2 times, anyone over the age of 5 is going to become quite bored with it all. You're better off just settling into getting this for the cars only - they run on reving power which is quite nice for a change. They're not all that durable - they fall apart easily and have to be reassembled prior to racing again usually. If you're looking for a racing set for a five-year-old, then by all means grab this set. It's quite cute. But, for anyone older I would suggest a Matchbox set because this one will not hold the attention span very long.
The Kid Galaxy Ratchet Racers are a simple toy that will provide a lot of fun for a 3+ child. The toy has a wind-up system, which is a good thing, that is constructed to prevent over-winding that usually ends the life of windup toy. The cars require the child to use his dexterity to wind them up and they can mix & match parts to make a different look to the car. The vehicles separate easily, even an adult can learn how to get them working. This is an indoor toy which is the only drawback.  The 5' track fits together with a simple puzzel like connection & the extra lane changers, bumps, & finish line will keep the track more interesting.  At times the 2 car racers would flip over or wedge together if they hit a narrow point at the same time.  Probably what the kids like.  I let the cars run into objects & they seem to hold up well but only time will tell if they are durable.
THIS TOY IS JUST AS FUN AT MY AGE 63 AS IT IS FOR AGE 3. It's easy to operate. Just twist to wind-up, gas-up if you please, and then push the button on the car's top. ZOOM! It's off in a flash. Two cars so two drivers can race each other. Who would have thought that a toy company could invent a fun power car that requires no electronics or batteries. We found 4 can plan, if the track is set up on a hard floor. Two race on the track, the pit crews send the cars on the outside of the track back to the drivers. Of course, ever so often, we changed places. Cars even run on short nap carpet.I also have to admit, playing with grand-kids was/is fun; BUT it can also be hilarious racing with another adult. It's good to act like a kid at times. Get the belly laughs going, and that improves anyone's health. This is HIGHLY recommended for any age person.Educationally it's good maybe for learning to take turns when you want to drive all the time. As for durability, it's plastic not metal, so it's going to have to be taken care of. Not too many stunts flying off a table, or it's history. It's intended as a floor toy. But let's face it, if used as intended, it will last a gazillion times longer that the four fast-food-burgers that cost the same amount as this drag race set.Is it FUN. YES! And you'll get your money's worth of laughs from kids through adults. Yes even the girls too.
The Kid Galaxy Ratchet Racer Drag Strip basically consists of winding, self-propelled cars and an race track. The race track includes two pieces which cause the cars to change lanes and two speed bumps. The idea is that two racers wind their cars up, let them go, and watch them race.PROS:-The cars are easy to wind; my 3-year-old daughter can do it with ease.-The race track is easy to store, breaking down into very thin stackable pieces.-The cars seem durable, having crashed into walls and fallen off tables, still running well.CONS:-The race track is boring: Basically whichever car you let go of first will win; if they are let go at the same time they crash into each other and get stuck when they change lanes. My daughter quickly grew bored with the race track and just wants to use the cars.-The race track is very flimsy plastic, which as one other reviewer noted, can easily cause cuts from the sharp edges.I would give the race cars themselves a 5-star rating as they are durable and easy to use for the target age group (2-4 years old). There are no small parts to grip in order to wind the cars, rather you just turn the two halves. So you would be better off simply purchasingKid Galaxy Ratchet Racers Race Car/Pickup Truck Set. The race track simply is no fun, will turn into cluttery mess, and may even be dangerous as its sharp edges can easily cut a finger.
These are great little toys and lots of fun.  My boys who are 5 and 4 really loved these and found them easy to use.  They had no problems getting them to work and had lots of fun playing with them.  I love that it comes with a track that has flags flip up so they can tell who won the race.  THese work great on tile and wood floors.  They dont work on carpet very well but the included track takes care of that as it gives you a hard surface to race on.  Really love thes as they are very durable, easy to use, lots of fun and dont require any batteries which is a great bonus as most toys require them now days.
The cars are easy enough for a three year old to use and with enough practice wind up. They take off relatively quickly and the two parts are interchangeable with each other. So the cars at the right price are easily a 5. The track however is really cheaply made. The track parts are flimsy and similar to the plastic in blister packs (although lighter and maybe a little less sharp). The bumps and lane changers are a little better made, but don't stay put for more than a few races since the track flexes so much. The most elaborate piece is the finish line gate and flags, which flip up when the car drives through the gate. If this set is within a few dollars of the stand alone cars, it's not a bad bonus toy, but it certainly isn't going to last.PROS:+ Fun and fast cars+ Interchangeable parts+ Easy to wind and release even for toddlersCONS:- Track is pretty much disposable- More track could be provided, since the cars still have a lot more go than 5' and the track can't cost that much to make.- The top button has to be pressed down to wind up again (can take toddlers a few times to get it).
Perhaps the best quality of this toy is the ability for a child to intuitively know how to get it to go.My child learned how to wind it almost immediately, and was off for a lot of fun.The track is a nice feature, but, my son usually uses it without the track.  Its because he is 3.5 years old and he likes to keep it simple and run all over the house with it.With a friend, the track provides a good way for the two cars to race.  I think the track would appeal more to a slightly older child who would want to tinker more with the flags.This toy is very fun and most children will like it I think.
"The Kid Galaxy Ratchet Racer Drag Strip just arrived and let me tell you how easy it is to set up and play with! The track is kid friendly to assemble, the cars are bright and having interchangeable bodies will be great when the kids can't make up their minds who gets what color. Being totally kid powered was an added plus with there being no need for batteries, which I was thankfully for the ""unpackage"" and go factor this toy has. Along with the track, the cars are easy to use, easy to power and easy to play with. Track and cars are perfect for little hands and sturdy. It's only been in the house for a short period of time and my nieces and nephews are already having a great time with this fun new toy."
We got this toy for my son's 5th birthday. He is a fan of all things with wheels, so cars that race on a track is right up his alley.I was drawn to the fact that this doesn't require batteries, doesn't have lights or beeps or some random voice that talks. This set contains 2 cars, that ratchet to  go. There are 8 pieces of track, 6 road pieces and 1 start and 1 finish piece/ ramps.I wasn't impressed with the feel of these cars or the track. In all honesty, the track feels like packing material plastic, the kind that you find surrounding those clamshell electronics boxes. It fits together with puzzle-like ends that click into place. My 5 year old had no trouble putting these together and taking them apart. With all that said, there wasn't a single time that the track fell apart with use.The cars come in 2 pieces that click together. You must press a button at the top and then twist the two sides. When done, the car starts to click loudly. You put the car on the track and press the top button to watch them go. My son had a hard time getting the order of click- turn- click- go. Eventually he got the hang of it, but still comes to me to 'fix' them once in a while.Its cool that the cars can trade fronts and back to create something new. Its been a fun toy for my son and his older sister. The worst thing is that the cars don't stay on the track every time. In fact, I'd say every 3rd time, one flies off the track and crashes. To me, this is annoying. To my son, this is the BEST THING EVER!So while I am not sure how long this will last due to its flimsy feel, for right now it does its job by entertaining them long enough for me to make dinner.
"I received ths set for my 5 and 2 year olds to play with and was disappointed with the overall build qaulity of the product.  To start, the included race track is made of very thin plastic that easily bends/warps/rips.  Putting the track together is very simple, however, we were unable to get any ""races"" to complete as the track would not sit flat.  The cars would end up crashing into each other or one would get hung up somewhere on the track.  After several attempts to get the track to work, I basically took it apart and put it back in the box.  Useless.As for the cars, they do offer some fun.  As others have stated, the cars use a srange method of winding them up by attaching the front and rear sections of the car and then twisting them until fully wound.  The cars do move quite fast on a tile floor so the kids had fun with them.  However, we noticed that several of the cars (we got an additional set of vehicles for this) do not stay together that easily and a simple bump will have the two pieces break apart.  Here is where fun began...my kids decided to play a type of demolishion derby where they would be at opposite ends of the kitched and release the cars at each other.  Whichever coar stays togteher, wins...So overall I would skip this set as the build quality is nowhere near other manufacturers.  But, if you do happen to own these or still want them, the demolishion game isn't that bad!"
My kids love this toy. The race track comes apart for easy storage but the pieces are light-weight and easy to assemble like big puzzle pieces. That means my 6 and 3 year old can assemble the track themselves without nagging me to do it every time they want to play. Also the track comes with a few bumpers which make the car change course once they launch down the short raceway.The car are easy for the kids to wind. Instead of pulling the cars along the floor to wind them you twist the back half of the car to wind it. Because it doesn't take brute strength to wind them this means my kids can do it themselves. Instead of holding the cars in place and release to launch the cars you just set them down and then the cars stay still until the kid presses a button, the bam! The thing takes off with an explosion of speed.  It is enough to always get a big reaction when they launch and keeps my kids entertained for a long time.
My boys love these ratchet cars!  I love that they do not require batteries and the price is affordable!You simply turn one end of the car to wind it up and then put it down and watch it go!The track is pretty darn flimsy.  I thought hot wheels tracks were bad, but this is worse.  But you don't need to use the track to use the cars.  My kids love racing them across the kitchen floor (they won't go on carpet)Great fun for the price, but the track is pretty useless.
This is great fun for me, my son, my daughter, and my nephew. Keep in mind, I got this with my nephew in mind, he's 5. My son is 8 and my daughter is 6....and well, I'm older. The cars are very cool and fun to drive. We had a blast racing them on our hardwood floors....and even more fun crashing them into eachother. The idea of twisting them to wind up the motor is great! The cars have a good amount of energy to roll far enough to get tired of chasing them after a while (the kids didn't tire out...just me and my knees).....so, what's the problem? The track. It's pretty lame. It's cheap feeling and doesn't stay attached well and the cars bump into eachother and bind on the track. The concept is nice, but the function is mediocore at best. One car on the track is fine, but what's the point of racing with only one car? So, 4 stars for me....and that's a bump, because if I could, I would give it 3.5 stars.....but there is enough fun factor to bump it to 4. I also like that you can change the cars. The kids love it...off the track. They quickly got tired of the track and that's now all put away. I can't completely put it down, but I was disappointed with the track.
"I got these toys for my 2 year old (which I know is below the recommended age) and she likes them well enough.  The cars come apart easily which is good for switching them, but annoying when they're going along and hit a bump, threshold or wall and just fall apart.  They go pretty fast on hard surfaces, but barely slug along on carpet. I know you must be thinking ""but they come with a track, so that should solve all these issues"" They do come with a track and it does take care of these problems, however, it is a bit large for what it is and it doesn't stay together very well, so we ended up just using the cars b/c the track was annoying. Another thing about the set that wasn't great is how many times you have to pump them backwards to wind the cars. You have to pull them in reverse (to wind them up) 5-6 times for them to actually go fast enough to be worth it.  Overall, they're fine, but not any better than any other car toy-My two year old likes them, but I could see for kids that are older how these could get old pretty quickly since all they do is zoom forward."
My son is almost two and half years old and loves anything to do with cars.  I got this set because it has tracks (that he likes to connect), and big cars to race.  He's a little under the recommended age of 3, but age requirements are sometimes subjective (after removing small pieces for choking hazards, of course, but there really wasn't anything with this set).My son found the Ratchet Racer Drag Strip appealing for about 5 minutes before he got bored, which was surprising. He was interested in laying down the tracks and pushing other cars around than with the actual cars included.  The cars are so-so designed.  Not sure why they chose to have wind-up cars instead of the traditional pull back style. On the plus side, the cars are big for small hands, and they interchange to make things interesting, but it takes a couple tries to get everything lined up and connected. They do go a long distance when fully wound up.The tracks included are not the same as shown in the video; I was hoping they would be more durable.  Unfortunately you get cheap, flimsy plastic tracks; the type of plastic you find with packaging.  I'm sure my son will like to play with the cars later on, but for now he's getting use playing with the tracks with his other cars.  As for me, the parent, I wouldn't recommend the Ratchet Racer Drag Strip unless it's selling for less than ten dollars.
If your little one is into cars this is a great toy. The cars are about the size of your fist, give or take, and don't have any small parts so little ones don't risk choking on any parts. The cars are good sized for small hands to wind and crank. Each car splits in half and when it is connected you can crank the car until you hear a click. Then simply press the button on the top and off they go. (You have to hit the button again before recranking and racing.) The nice thing is that for small kids who don't realize what the click means and keep winding, there really is no risk overwinding and breaking. The cars also go pretty far when you press the button (in our apartment they were zooming at least 7-10 feet before hitting something and even then they'd keep going).  It comes with a race track which is stacked in teh box and made ofplastic. At first it looked cheap and flimsy (it's not like the hard race tracks most car toys come with, more like the type of plastic Halloween masks are made of) but then when I realized how easy it was to connect the tack and then put it away it makes a lot of sense--takes less space and no time at all to put together and pick up and pack up and take somewhere. The track length is the only thing that's a little bummer. It's not that long once it's placed together--but the cars will keep going oast the finish line. It comes with parts to make a bump on the track for the car to go over or a piece of plastic you can place along the track for the car to change lanes. They are pretty simple and also just basic plastic parts but I can see how it might make it a little more fun to play. Overall if your kid loves cars and is on the younger side, the price and durability of this toy makes a good b'day or Christmas gift.
"I have three children so I know the value of toys.  A ""cool"" toy is one that keeps their focus, doesn't have to teach them something but is helpful for me the parent, and is durable.  This is not the case with this toy.  The cars themselves are pretty cool.  They wind up and a button is pushed to release them down the track.  My boys enjoyed racing them for about 10 minutes and then they just enjoyed letting the cars run across the room.  The track itself is flimsy plastic and seems cheap.  The cars, however, are well built and my youngest child continues to play with them.In terms of education, there is none here.  It is what it is, a race.  The track is not long so its easy to put away.  However, we received this toy and a day later it was sitting not played with.  I would not recommend this toy for long term fun."
This toy comes with two ratchet cars and a drag strip you put together.  The cars are really neat.  You twist the back of the car around and press the button and off they go.  My son has several of these cars and he likes the racecars that come with this set the best.  The drag strip is cute but it is very cheaply made.  The plastic is as thin as you would find in a plastic disposable plate.  I actually thought it might rip when I was removing it from the packaging because it was so flimsy.  I'm not sure how it is going to hold up with my rough and tumble two year old.  He does enjoy the drag strip though and is able to put it together by himself, and likes running the cars on it.  For the fun factor, this is a nice little set, and I would have given it five stars if not for the cheapness of the plastic.
"Depending upon the age of the kid, this is either pretty lame or a lot of fun.  The cars are okay and zip around pretty good for short distances.  But the track is very cheap plastic--kind of like the plastic ""boats"" you would get a banana split in at a ice cream joint.  I don't suspect the track will last long in the hands of those young enough to enjoy this toy.Racing the cars on the track gets boring pretty quick.  Using the cars as demolition derby cars and running them into each other seems to be more fun for kids.  The cars are also easy for little hands to wind up.Speaking from experience with several different aged kids I know who used this thing, I would guess that anyone over the age of about 4, or maybe 5, will get bored very quickly with this toy using it as intended.  However, an 18 month old played with it for way too long and enjoyed it the whole time.  The toy had to be wound up for him, but he never tired of pushing the little button on top to make it go.  And he liked playing on the track--meaning he liked sitting on it.To sum up, the cars are okay and work well, but the track doesn't really add anything to the toy.  I can see young kids playing with the cars, but not using the track very long.  If your child is over about 5, I'd look for something else."
