Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
When I first got this playlet I wasn't sure how much fun my one and a half year old would have with it.  She loves it.  She'll spend a long time simply opening one of the doors on the playlet, putting the character in, and either going around and getting him, or opening the door again and getting him out.  She's now discovered the balconies on the side, and she'll put one of the characters in, and then take him out again.  It's these simple things that she loves.  As she gets older she'll probably like the more interactive parts as well.  It being basically a sesame street 'doll house' it will allow kids to use their imagination and play with it for into the school ages.Out of the box you get a what's pictured, two storefronts, and two sesame street characters (elmo and cookie monster in this case).  The neat part is the street buildings fold up, forming one building.  The doors on both buildings open up, and from the back there are little shelves/balconies to set things on.  Oscar the grouch also makes an appearance in his garbage can.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.05153556913137436,0.047124866396188736,0.04972536489367485,0.0508609339594841,0.04835747554898262,0.05002366751432419,0.05118970945477486,0.051091380417346954,0.0525427982211113,0.050431206822395325,0.049908824265003204,0.049855321645736694,0.04575452208518982,0.05031605809926987,0.05044037848711014,0.050166789442300797,0.047710198909044266,0.05101766064763069,0.0500490739941597,0.051898177713155746
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
"My daughter is just a little bit under the recommended age for this toy, but we've been in the market for a playset because she seemed to be getting to an age where this would be enjoyable for her.  She definitely enjoys opening doors and moving the characters around, although she's still a little young for real ""pretend play.""  The construction seems solid enough, although I don't have a whole lot of prior experience with play sets.  I doubt that chubby little baby hands could dismantle this.  The most disappointing aspect of this toy for me was that it only has 2 Sesame Street characters included.  Since there is a nest for Big Bird, it would be great if Big Bird was included, but I suppose this is somewhat typical - these companies always try to sell parts separately whenever they can.  Nonetheless, this seems like a toy that my child will want to play with for some time, especially as she gets more attached to specific characters, so I'm glad we have it."
"This toy does not have any sound effects.  In my opinion, this is a good feature.  I always rue the day my kids get enough dexterity to work the on/off switches.  It also folds up and has a handle for easy tidying.  Here are some of what Elmo and Cookie Monster do when my two two-year-olds are playing with them:- Take rides on the slider next to Oscar- Say hi to Oscar (He pops up when the slider is next to him, opposite of what is shown in the picture)- Go through the blue door and the green double doors- Look out the windows- Climb the ladder behind Oscar- Spin the grocery wheel- Stop and go when the street sign is out (The little ones can't read it so they treat it like a stop sign.)- Go up and down the steps behind the green doors- ""Eat"" the cookies inside the store- Use the potty on the top floor- Sleep in the bed on the top floor (The potty and the bed are both pictures.)- Play with the cash register in the store (Molded plastic)- Jump on the roof (I don't know why they jump on the roof.)"
This is a cute playset but I'm not sure it will keep the little ones occupied for very long.  It seems incomplete to me without Big Bird!  It looks to be an attempt to get the buyer to spend more money purchasing the other figures for the kids. I wish that Oscar was not stationary because the kids like to be able to play with the figures.
This playset has everything you could want in a Sesame Street play set for your child except for the figures. The Elmo and Cookie Monster figures are great but the Oscar figure is stationary and you actually have to lift the lid up so he peaks out, why there couldn't but a button to make him pop out I don't know? The other figure issue is finding the Big Bird figure for sale anywhere. I haven't been able to find one online except at target in another play set that is expensive and is exclusive to them. That being said if Big Bird is not that popular with your child then this play set should do nicely as most of the other Sesame Street figures are readily available.
My toddlers are Sesame Street fans, so they like almost anything in that genre.  The construction is very good, although not the solid Fisher Price toys from my 1970's youth.The major dislike here is the cost of buying other characters and accessories is very high.  I may make do by buying lower cost figures.  Other's pointed out Big Bird's nest is included, but that tall yellow bird is not.Minor dislike is opening it up from folded position may be difficult for some toddlers.Major likes are the kids love it and it folds.  Detail is excellent... kids recognized it right away.Update... You can buy a pack of 2 figures for around $6.  Not too bad, but it can add up quickly.
"This has been a big hit with my 2 year old niece.  2-3 is pretty much the perfect age rang for this toy, but my 4 year old son get's some play time out of it.  It's a fairly simple fold out playset.  This has turned out to be a good ""doll house"" for my niece.  I'm not sure a younger kid would get much out of it, but if your kid is at that point where they are playing ""pretend"" with little dolls or such then they are probably going to have a good time with this.  The build quality is good, and the kids get a fair amount of play time out of it.  My 5 year old will sometimes add into his ""super hero"" play.  A good overall toy."
My grandchildren love Sesame Street--especially Elmo and Cookie Monster, so fortunately the two figures included with the set are Elmo and Cookie Monster!The street, or doll house type of set up, is 6x20x13 and folds up for storage. The kids like this set, but don't play with it as much as they do other similar toys. There is not a whole much to the set, so the kids need to use their imagination to come up with pretend games and stories. While this is great for the older kids (4 and 6), the 18 month old gets bored easily with it.The set is sturdy and will hold up to normal toddler/baby use. You may find your kids asking for additional figures--am not sure why the makers didn't include Big Bird or the others, but they did not!If you kids like to make up stories and use their imagination, this set is a good toy to give their minds a work out. If your kids like more to do with a toy, then they may get easily bored with this.
"My daughters (ages two and a half and almost five) were deliriously excited when this toy arrived.  They danced in eager anticipation while I extricated the toy from its packaging and liberated Elmo and Cookie Monster (which was no easy feat, but not as difficult as many similar toys).  They played with it for nearly a solid hour thereafter and actually got along as decent human beings.  Their interest in it has waned somewhat since then, but they still return to it from time to time.This toy is relatively simple.  It's just a model of a couple of the buildings from Sesame Street.  The buildings open so that kids can play inside and it closes for easy portability (complete with carrying handle).  The inside portion is rather sparse - it could use some furniture or other objects for kids to have the characters interact with.  On the outside of the buildings there is a movable ""sidewalk"" which makes Oscar pop out of his trash can when you get to the end, and the Sesame Street sign moves back and forth.  Those are the only moving parts.  There is also a balcony for the characters to stand on, Big Bird's nest (although Big Bird is not included) and many windows to look through.  On arrival, the windows are filled with cardboard figures of other Sesame Street characters including Zoe, Bert, Ernie, Abby and Murray.  If your kids are anything like mine, those won't last long - they'll get removed, ripped and/or lost pretty quickly.The set comes with two characters (Elmo and Cookie Monster, as noted), plus Oscar in his garbage can.  Other figures are available for order, I believe.  The characters are a perfect size and weight for little toddler hands and they have adaptive holes in the bottom for use on the ""sidewalk"".  The entire set is pretty durable and easy to clean.My daughters enjoy playing with this in different ways.  My two-year-old just likes manipulating the figures and operating the moving parts.  She especially likes to make Oscar pop out of his garbage can.  My almost five-year-old plays with it in a more imaginative and interactive way by having the characters talk and play together.I think Amazon's current marked price ($35.00) is a bit high for what you get, but not out of line with similar pretend toys/figurines (e.g., Little People or Weebles).  Overall I'm very happy with this product and I look forward to getting a great deal of family fun out of it."
When I first got this playlet I wasn't sure how much fun my one and a half year old would have with it.  She loves it.  She'll spend a long time simply opening one of the doors on the playlet, putting the character in, and either going around and getting him, or opening the door again and getting him out.  She's now discovered the balconies on the side, and she'll put one of the characters in, and then take him out again.  It's these simple things that she loves.  As she gets older she'll probably like the more interactive parts as well.  It being basically a sesame street 'doll house' it will allow kids to use their imagination and play with it for into the school ages.Out of the box you get a what's pictured, two storefronts, and two sesame street characters (elmo and cookie monster in this case).  The neat part is the street buildings fold up, forming one building.  The doors on both buildings open up, and from the back there are little shelves/balconies to set things on.  Oscar the grouch also makes an appearance in his garbage can.
For as big as this toy is, there is not much to it.  It is essentially like a doll house, except that there are not many pieces to play with.  It only comes with two figures initially and then you can purchase additional figures separately. The one fun feature for children is that you can place a figure onto a sliding mechanism that goes along the street, however this felt quite flimsy.  My son loves Sesame Street characters, so that is its one appeal.
My kids had a Sesame Street set when they were children. Lots of pieces and Oscar popped out when you pushed a hidden button. This one not so many bells and whistles.  That said my Grand daughter loves Elmo so she was totally delighted to have the set and him to play with. I should say the packing was wonderful using string to tie in the house instead of the plastic ties. Then they had Cookie Monster in a plastic pouch that took forever and major scissors to get him out.  They are smart having all the other Sesame Street people for sale extra but would have been nice to have more than 2 figures included. I was a bit disappointed but my Granddaughter was not. She loves it and well if you are buying for the 20 month old crowd it will be a hit. But do expect to have to buy some more characters to fill it out.
"At 4, my daughter is pushing the edge of this toy's appeal, but she still was thrilled to get it and wanted to play with it right away. She loved the doors and windows and the way Oscar pops up, and loved closing it up and carrying it around with the handle. (I think it looks even cuter closed than open.)But I thought the cardboard cut-out characters were a cheap trick. She got upset when I told her they were just for display and were supposed to be thrown away. There's no way to play with them (they're just torsos and not able to stand)... I know this is the way lots of manufacturers do it-- just include one or two characters and make people pay for more-- but I still think it stinks. It becomes a very expensive gift if you have to not only buy the playset, but also several characters separately.Even my daughter said, ""Why did they include Big Bird's nest but no Big Bird?""It's a fairly small playset and easily stored. There are no special effects other than Oscar popping out of his can-- no lights, sounds, etc.-- which is fine, as long as that's what you're looking for. It appears well-made and durable; I just wish that, for the price, there were more characters included."
This playset comes with two figures, Cookie Monster and Elmo, plus an attached, non-removable Oscar the Grouch, whose head pops out of his can.  Other popular characters are available at discount stores and on Amazon, including a stand-alone Oscar, though it looks like price gouging through amazon sellers has already begun.  The figures seem large enough not to pose a choking hazard to the targeted age group.  They are a bit squatter than the ones released by Fisher Price in recent years.This playset seems to be well constructed and should stand up to some toddler abuse.  It folds up into a carrying case with a handle.  The set does not have too much in the way for children to do or manipulate on it.  The doors open, and a switch slides a disc that you can put a figure on.  There are no lights or sounds, which is fine for me as a parent.  I get tired of the cacophony of electronic sounds and lights that come out of children's toys.This playset has more potential for pretend and imaginative play as your child gets older.  I do not have a problem with the age range.  Even my daughter, who is older than the age range, still enjoys pretend play with her playsets.  You and your child can get as much out of this as your imaginations will let you.  Get a few more characters, a few vehicles, and invite some Little People or Weebles to come visit.  I know this playset will get incorporated into my kids' Little People playsets, Happyland, my old Treetots set, and other playsets hiding in the closet.  Create the Sesame Street voices for your child and have fun.
The Sesame Street Neighborhood Playset is lots of fun for children.Helps children learn to play together. Teaches them to share. I have purchased Sesame Street toys before. My children and Grandchildren have always enjoyed playing with them and having lots of fun. These toys have been around for many years and are still enjoyed. The products are very durable and will withstand years of play and use. Great toy.
The kids loved this toy, and it folds up and is very portable. They lug it all around the house. Not a lot of bells and whistles, but that is good sometimes because it allows them to use their imagination more.
"Quite a few good ideas were incorporated into the design of this toy. It's basically a very simple dollhouse-type toy with figures for kids to play with. The moving parts (the street lamp, the sidewalk, the fruit stand, the double doors and Oscar popup) are exciting for the kids and have a durable design which should make them last longer than the average toy with moving parts in the hands of a 2-year old. The set comes with 3 recognizable figures from Seasame street - Elmo, Cookie Monster and Oscar. This is enough for one child to have fun with but I find that when it's more than one child playing with the set, having the additional figures is a good idea.Pros:Moving parts durable and not easily broken.Portable set with handle attached.Figurines are ""mouth-friendly"".Encourages pretend and interactive play with kidsCons:Package says 18 months to 4 years but most kids will have to be over 24 months to find this a truly engaging toyThe additional figurines are hard to find and expensive. On Amazon, this set is $35, but theSesame Street Sesame Street School BusandSesame Street Oscar the Grouch's Garbage Truckare almost $20 each. That's over $40 for the accessories of a $35 toy."
My children had the original Fisher Price Sesame Street way back when.  I remember it coming with so many more accessories and with more to do with it.  I have grandchildren, now, and looked forward to their being able to have the same fun their parents had.  This one was a disappointment to me.  Elmo, Cookie Monster, and Oscar are the only figures with this set and Oscar can't be moved.  You can make him pop up a bit, but he's in his can and his can stays in one place.  There is sort of a round skateboard kind of thing that you can put one of the other two on and push it along.  When it gets close to Oscar, he pops up.  There are working doors, which is nice, and the whole things folds in half to take up less room for storage.You may notice other characters in the picture that shows the packaging, but these are just cardboard and it says to remove them.  It would be nice to have these additional characters painted in the windows if they couldn't provide more figures.  While on the subject of packaging, I look at it and consider how hard it would be to wrap if given for a gift.  This one would not be easy.  You'd really need to put it in another box before you wrapped it in paper or the paper would tear.  I really wish toy manufacturers would consider this and not just display when designing their packaging.My 26 month old boy/girl twin grandchildren were here today, so I brought this out.  Fortunately, Elmo and Cookie Monster are their favorite characters and there were 2 of them.  Don't know what would happen if there were 3 children trying to play with this at the same time.  They did enjoy making the characters go in through the doors and closing up the set.  They had trouble opening it if it snapped shut completely.  They wouldn't have been able to open the doors if they had been shut completely either.  There wasn't a whole lot more for them to do, so they added the Wonder Pet figures I already had.  this at least gave them 3 more figures to put through the doors.  All of this took about 10 minutes and they looked for something else to do.This set will have limited appeal, in my opinion.  There really isn't that much to keep young children occupied.  I will try this with my 4 year old grandson to see if he engages in more role play, but I don't see that happening for very long.  If additional characters came with it, were easier to find, or were more affordable, this might change my opinion.
This toy is the perfect size for my 24 month old granddaughter.  It is sturdy and well built for play the only complaint I have is that it only came with 2 moveable figurines, Oscar is in his trash can and just pops up.  She really enjoys Oscar moving like that and has fun with Elmo and Cookie Monster, I just wish it came with a couple more characters so could have some sitting in the windows and being able to play with some.The playset closes and it easy to be carried around.  It is colorful and keeps her attention for awhile, which is a challenge at 24 months.  I wanted to get her a few more figurines, but they are quite pricy so that will have to wait until Christmas.  Overall it is a toy that will last and will be played with for quite awhile...if I can keep up with Elmo and Cookie Monster!
Pros: It's Sesame Street, and it comes with a little Elmo, Cookie Monster, and an attached Oscar the Grouch.  I plan to buy additional characters.  My grandson loves that he recognizes Mr. Hooper's Store and Burt and Ernie's apartment.  The ability to fold the toy and go is a good idea.  The price seems fair also.Cons: The latch to keep the toy closed broke after a few days.  Also, Oscar the Grouch, who pops out of his can with a little slide latch, no longer comes out without manually lifting his can lid.My grandson loves to play with this toy and copies songs and skits from Sesame Street, and his having fun is what matter to me.
"This is a barebones, yet well manufactured, playset with a Sesame Street theme. You are given Elmo and Cookie Monster and the rest you have to figure out. This set is nicely made and folds up. It is also small, which is good as your little one can carry it room to room to play with. The paint on this is a dull finish rather than a high gloss like many other sets, which I find nice.If you look in the section above these reviews in ""Customers who bought this also bought"" you will see the additional play figures you can purchase for this set. They seem a little bit on the high price end. My three year old son LOVES sesame street, yet only sporadically plays with this set due to the fact there isn't much to DO with just these two figurines.So here's my honest mom point of view. If you must have a Sesame Street playset this set is sturdy, nicely done and right sized for little tykes. But your investment in this product is a lot more than just this set. You will want extras as the manufacturer has been a bit stingy with their figurines. I feel they should have at least added 5 play figurines to this set to justify the current price point. You might want to look around at other play sets which might stretch out a bit more beyond the early, early years. I have a feeling this little set is going to quickly lose all its appeal as is."
