Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
My two grandsons were excited to test drive this set. The six year-old put it together with Pop-pop's help and had first dibs on the remote. We supplied our own batteries. The steering was good and their mother was pleased that it had a short antennae rather than a long unwieldy one. The four year-old enjoyed steering the truck as much as his older brother. Both boys play hard and the set seems indestructible. The elevator was fun for them but it didn't work right from the get-go and I suspect it's a design flaw. It goes down fine but getting the truck up to the top requires a helping hand, a tap on the bottom to give it a boost. It didn't deter the boys, they have good imaginations and found lots of ways to play and used the set along with their other toys. If  not for the elevator I'd give it a 5.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.09018295258283615,0.08649533241987228,0.08986212313175201,0.09387543052434921,0.09307162463665009,0.10541685670614243,0.08386115729808807,0.08853672444820404,0.08976266533136368,0.09107933193445206,0.087855763733387
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
To start, even all boxed up this set is big. If you're buying this as a gift, plan on at least a half a roll of wrapping paper to cover this set up. When I carried this in, from end to end it was almost the full length of my outstretched arms.Plan also on having batteries and a screw driver on hand when the recipient of this set opens their gift, because they will immediately want to break this set out and start putting it together, which takes about 10 minutes or so. The toy takes up quite a few feet of floor space in each direction. I suggest putting this set together where you plan on playing with it at the moment, or else you may find yourself reconnecting one or two pieces if you try and move it to a new spot after setting it up.The remote and truck are easy for even the littlest kids to understand, being color coded versus having written directions. The batteries last a long while and we ended up finding all kinds of other things all around the house for the truck to drive through and haul in the back of the truck. The only concern with this toy is where to keep it when not in use. It's quite large and finding just the right spot for it will be the only challenge with this set. My kids have a child size air-hockey table in one of their bedrooms and that has been the perfect for us to keep this set on.Having this set for a few months now, I have found that it's also a favorite of my kids younger friends as well. The set always draws the attention of kids when they come over and everyone promptly asks if we can get the set out for everyone to play. Really neat toy that would make an outstanding gift for kids of a variety of ages.
During a recent playdate, this construction set kept several 4 year-old boys (and their dads) glued for hours in what can only be a resounding endorsement.Pros:1) Great remote control truck with oversized wheels, dump bed, and easy to use color coded remote.2) Large size rigged allows several children to play together.3) Durable solid build quality.Cons:1) Basic set only comes with the vehicle lift and boulder picker. Other pieces are additional.2) Truck is too heavy and the lift must be pushed up manually despite being advertised as automatic.Overall a great value for a large playset. But the minor design flaw with the lift and limited set pieces does detract this from being a classic.
The Fisher-Price Action Construction Site is a big playset for kids 3 - 6 years old.  It comes with a remote control dump truck that's easy for kids to drive.  The playset also offers several actions that the truck can automatically trigger, e.g. drive the truck through the playset and it automatically loads/dumps boulders.Assembly was relatively easy - the pieces solidly snapped together and the resulting unit feels sturdy.  The poor instructions were more impediment than help.  You're better off just looking at the box and figuring it out visually.  However, the instructions are helpful with uncovering some of the hidden functionality of the construction site playset, so hold on to them after assembly.The remote is very easy and intuitive, even for kids as young as three.  After a brief amount of play, our four-year-old was able to maneuver the truck through the rest of the playset (and all over the house!).  The color-coding of the controller buttons corresponds to the colored stickers on the truck, but this wasn't really necessary.The truck is the real hit here and we found that every kid who tried it wanted to drive through the house, the outside, and their own made-up obstacle courses.  Unfortunately, this relegated the (huge) playset to an occasional accessory.  Ultimately, it just doesn't do enough to hold attention long-term compared to the RC truck.  Given how much space it takes up, this is a legitimate concern.This toy is recommended for any kids who love trucks and construction imaginative play (and also have a very big room!).  The remote control truck will build motor skills and hand-eye coordination and remains a favorite long after the playset has become an afterthought.
This contruction set is really easy to put together, and can be played with from all sides which is great for when we have other children visiting. It's BIG, so make sure you have enough space for it. It's as sturdy as can be expected for a plastic toy. I don't expect it to become a hand-me-down.It's listed as being for ages 3-7, and my three-year old really enjoys playing with this toy, but I think he's too young for it. The remote control truck is simple enough for him to use, but he has some difficulty maneuvering it withing the contruction site. Had I known, I'd have put it away for a year, but it's too late now. This is definitely one of his favorites.
The Fisher Price Big Action Construction Site with remote control is a great toy that young children (3 to about 7 years-of-age) will love, as will the adults in the household, and here is why:PROS* Well designed* Easy assembly* Sturdy construction for heavy duty plastic* $50- price range seems appropriate for a product of this quality* Elevator, garage, gas pump and remote vehicle provide varied play options and interest* Good for single child play or even a few children, as when this is spread out you can fit a few children around it.* Color coded remote makes is easier for smaller children to remember how to operate itCONS* (6) AAA batteries not included - required an unplanned trip to the store*  An additional vehicle would have been perfect as children can be impatient when waiting or having to shareOVERALL RECOMMENDATIONBUY - 4/5 stars
My two grandsons were excited to test drive this set. The six year-old put it together with Pop-pop's help and had first dibs on the remote. We supplied our own batteries. The steering was good and their mother was pleased that it had a short antennae rather than a long unwieldy one. The four year-old enjoyed steering the truck as much as his older brother. Both boys play hard and the set seems indestructible. The elevator was fun for them but it didn't work right from the get-go and I suspect it's a design flaw. It goes down fine but getting the truck up to the top requires a helping hand, a tap on the bottom to give it a boost. It didn't deter the boys, they have good imaginations and found lots of ways to play and used the set along with their other toys. If  not for the elevator I'd give it a 5.
We gave this to our 3.5 year old son for Christmas and he was thrilled.  This is a big set, and takes up about 2.5 ft by 2 ft by 18 in high just sitting there. Once your start playing and driving the truck around, be prepared to clear more space out.  We had it on the floor, but have since moved it up to a play table, which allows him much better access to everything and he gets to standup to play (which seems to be preferred to most toddlers I know).When you first dump the set out of the box, assembly looks a little daunting.  However once you figure out what's what, it comes together quickly and solidly.  You will need a tiny screwdriver for the battery covers, and AA and AAA battieries for the truck and controller.The remote control has four buttons that have colored labels with corresponding ones on the truck.  Tis reinforces which button will turn the truck in which direction.  Even so, I find the four buttoned remote a bit much for a 3 year old; he can drive it around in the open space with no problems, but doing some of the finer turns and maneuvering that is required to get it up on the ramps and elevators can be challenging.  It doesn't seem to detract from his enjoyment of it, though.The only real issue we have had with it is that the elevator ramp tends to catch on the main structure, preventing it from smoothly rising up to the second floor. You have to give it a nudge to make it go up. It is supposed to rise on its own once you drive the truck fully on the ramp--the bumper of the truck depresses a latch, which causes the lever to rise and take the truck up to the next level. Instead, the top of the opposite, empty side gets stuck because it catches on the bottom of the second floor. I haven't found a way to consistently prevent the problem, though I've tried some gentle bending of the parts and such. Again, my son doesn't seem to mind much, and gladly helps it along.All in all, I give it an easy four stars.  It is fun, interactive, teaches about physics (levers--really!), and has multiple ways you can play with it.
This Fisher-Price Big Action Construction Site was created with my boys in mind. It's big and bold! Tough and strong! Easy to operate for even those with very little hands. Even I enjoy playing with it. The movement of the truck is front to back - side to side and can spin in one spot. Takes a bit getting used to but works fine. The set is easy to assemble and the directions are very easy to follow. When you set it up make sure you do so in a place that where you'll want to keep it for a while. If you're like me I'm not a big fan of building and rebuilding toys like this, plus the kids will play with something more ofter if it's out in the open.I highly recommend this set. Lots of fun and engages the children's imagination. The quality of construction should last for many years.
The Fisher Price Big Action Construction Site With Remote Control is a Big Toy that grabs a small child's attention.What three to seven year old doesn't want to operate the remote?  And this sturdy remote steers the truck in four directions with four color coded buttons.My three-year-old grandson can control the truck and send it up the ramp.  But using the elevator can be a bit frustrating for him; some trips up seem to need a bit of additional help for the truck to reach the top.  An older child probably would take this in stride.  But once the top has been reached, he does enjoy dropping off the 'boulders' and starting over.As an adult gift-giver I found the set easy to assemble (batteries and Phillips head screw driver needed), but it's a Really Big Toy that takes up lots of floor space.So for us the five phrases that best describe the F-P Big Action Construction Site with Remote are1) fun2) sometimes frustrating3) easy to assemble4) space hog5) perhaps better for 4-7 year olds.
This set is great fun for a wide range of young people.  Our 4 boys and girls from 3 to 8 all play with this often and still enjoy it after 6 months!  They especially enjoy the remote control truck, which is fun all by itself, and is easy to operate even for the 3 year old.  The truck is durable and runs fine on carpet or hard floor, and even climbs over small items in the way.  The set is great for a child alone as well as 2 or even 3 children at once.  There is enough automatic action to be exciting and enough manual operation to be interesting.  Often one child runs the truck while the other operates the crane or hopper, and they take turns.The remote takes 3 AAA and the truck takes 2 AA batteries (not included).  Assembly was apparently quite easy.  My 9-year old assembled it herself using the directions and about 20 pieces with no tools.  Everything just snaps together.  I went to check on her progress after about 15 minutes and it was already done and they were playing with it!It came with two plastic rocks that the trunk can dump into a hopper on the elevated ramp; then the truck can go down the elevator and reload automatically by backing into a lever.  Or, the truck can unload into a small bin and the child lifts a bar to dump it into the top hopper.  This all works well most of the time, although we often have difficulty dumping the rock into the lower bin as the truck needs sufficient momentum.  Alternately, there is a swiveling crane with a release button that one child can use to move a rock at a time between the truck and hopper.Maneuvering the truck successfully through the walls and hitting the right target to dump a rock takes a bit of practice for the young ones, and helps them develop their spatial reasoning skills.  The remote is infrared, but the signal is plenty strong and works across the room even aiming the remote away from the truck.When we first got this, the elevator didn't go down all the way; I think the spring was too tight.  I tried adjusting it one notch which proved to be rather difficult, and then it didn't come up all the way.  Fisher-Price replaced it with no trouble, and the new elevator arm works perfectly!  I think this was a fluke because a friend got one of these too and theirs had no problem at all.This toy has held our children's interest for many months and they still love playing with it.  The set has stood up to much use without complaint and everything still works great.  I highly recommend this playset.
My 4 1/2 year old grandson loves anything to do with trucks and construction. He really likes this toy and I know he will have many hours of enjoyment using it. The downside is that he has a 5 year old sister who wants to play too, but the toy only comes with one truck and remote. A sure way to start squabbles is to have a new toy that is attractive but leaves one kid waiting to get control of the remote. I will look to see if the extra Boulder Blast Quarry set, Scoop 'n Shoot Excavator and Boulder Boost Dump truck, which can be ordered separately, come with remote controls. I hope so.The set has lots of pieces but they are large and easy to snap together. The unit can be played with on all sides, so that is a nice feature. The truck fits the span of an adult hand, so it seems big to a 4 year old. Remote is easy to use with four bright directional buttons. There is a fun elevator and ramps and a dumping action for a plastic boulder. Several more boulders would have been appreciated, because they are easily lost under couches and chairs, etc.The truck spins and works on my low pile carpet, so that's a plus. My grandson likes the fuel fill feature, but wants to know where to put the credit card to pay.Like any of this style plastic toy, I don't think it is made to last for very long. I'm hoping it doesn't break before he loses interest in it. The pieces are a little thicker and sturdier than some of the garage and construction type toys that sell for a lower price. I like the toy, considering the price, the 4 year old loves it.
