Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
This toy is adorable. It's soft and plush. I want to hug it.It seems pretty durable and can stand a beating. I haven't washed it yet, so I don't know how it will stand up in the wash.I'm not sure what the educational value of the doll is, but it's a nice companion to the Juno reading series, if you have those. The girls that play with the doll can even try reading to it (after all, the toy is non-judgemental and wil listen patiently).

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.0953059270977974,0.07624751329421997,0.07400182634592056,0.07561030983924866,0.07113295048475266,0.07262028008699417,0.07673823088407516,0.07603293657302856,0.0740380808711052,0.07521029561758041,0.08984348922967911,0.0709952637553215,0.07222294807434082
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
This toy is adorable. It's soft and plush. I want to hug it.It seems pretty durable and can stand a beating. I haven't washed it yet, so I don't know how it will stand up in the wash.I'm not sure what the educational value of the doll is, but it's a nice companion to the Juno reading series, if you have those. The girls that play with the doll can even try reading to it (after all, the toy is non-judgemental and wil listen patiently).
When you buy the Juno Plush doll you get... Juno. If you child is a big fan of Juno videos (likeJuno Jr. -- The Day the Music Stopped) it is very likely that they will like this doll. If your child has never watched Juno - well this will likely just be an overpriced plush doll.A few other facts- Seems to be well constructed - the pig tails are permanently stuck up.- Very brightly colored- As you would expect Juno looks identical to Juno!- Perfect size for a toddler to stick under there arm and lug around- Very soft - as you would expect from a plush toy.- The only possible choking hazard are the ribbons in Juno's hair, but both my wife and I think that this is very slim.Final Verdict - My daughter is a big fan of the Juno videos, but she isn't overly crazy about the Juno doll. My guess is that it is that she is a little too young to recognize that the doll looks exactly like the character on TV.4 Stars
If your child likes the Juno Baby DVDs, he/she will probably like this plush version of Juno.  It is very cute and well made; soft all around, including those pigtails!I like that the doll is made from so many different fabrics: fleece (head and body), velvet (feet and hair), satin (hair ribbons), and corduroy (dress).Her dress is not attached but it would be impossible to remove because the neck hole is way too small for her head or her body to go through and there is no button or fastener.  This could be a pro or a con for you depending on how much you and your child like dressing dolls.
This doll is cute good quality and is different is not like other dolls, my nice really love her doll and play a lot with her.
My 1 1/2 year old daughter likes it. It's friendly looking and a good hug-able size for her.The doll feels durable and well made. I like that the bottom has a bean bag weight in it so that it can sit up while on a table or chair.
My 6 month old preemie started kicking her legs wildly when she saw this doll and has been studying it intently since I gave it to her. It is BIG and soft with velvety hair and huge eyes, which babies love to look at. She is chewing on one of the braids right now. I think this will be a favorite toy and it's so nice to find a nice soft doll that's safe for infants.
If your kid likes Juno she will like this doll! It's very soft and cute and a good size for totting around. Seems pretty durable and I don't think there would be a problem washing it. It's just a plush doll and doesn't do anything special but it would be good for younger kids.
"We got this doll last month for our two year old daughter, and she loves it. She prefers this doll over her american girl doll. Doll's hairstyle is very innovative, my daughter holds her by hairs and calls her baby. Doll is soft and made with good quality materials.I wish they had made ""J"" a bit smaller."
My children fell in love with Juno Baby since they were first exposed to the DVD.  My daughter keeps asking me if she can visit Juno, how old is she, what school does she go to, etc. This plush doll, which is excellent quality (def not cheaply made like the stuffed toys you get at carnivals) soon became her best friend - accompanying her everywhere she goes (and she gets very upset when her brothers try to take her away!)  Coincidentally, Indie became my son's best friend and is his sleep buddy!  Highly recommend!
My grand-daughter loved this doll and it seems to continue to hold her interest, even in light of all the other Christmas toys she received. She doesn't necessarily keep it close at hand but she does retrieve it at least once daily.I don't see that this doll offers a great deal over any other one except to note that it is well-made and I expect it to last a good long time, able to withstand fairly rough treatment.Recommended.
My daughter loves her Juno doll. What's interesting is that she didn't know anything about Juno before getting the plush but took an immediate liking to it. She loves the pigtails and compares herself to Juno and once she learned about Rai Rai she kept asking about getting a Rai Rai doll but unfortunately I can't seem to find one. She's learning to write her name and her friends' names and she's always pointing to the J and telling us that it's so-and-sos letter.The doll itself is very well made and appears to be extremely durable. Only time will tell but I suspect it'll outlast my daughter's childhood.
"Juno isn't just for preschoolers; my 6-year-old saw the picture of this doll, and said ""I want that!""  Now Juno goes to bed with her every night.  The doll isn't cheap in price, but it's well made, with a sewn-on dress of heavy cloth, and embroidered eyes and features.  Great gift for a baby along with a Juno CD or DVD."
Honestly, it is difficult to write a review on a stuffed character.  Yes, it is of good quality and yes, the kids enjoyed her.  However, other than that? There isn't much to write about.  I think if you are buying the dvd and character as a gift set, the child would be pleased!  As a stand alone gift, I'd pass.  Overall, a nice quality character if you are looking for a Juno doll!
