Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
"This is a game the entire family will enjoy.  We played with two grandmas, two parents and two children - and everyone was laughing out loud and having a good time.  The box reads ages 6 +, but that is mostly because younger children won't know the answers.  My nine year old needed some explanations at times - such as transfusion.It's easy to learn.  Cleanest fingernails goes first then go clockwise.  You take a card and read the color that the player you're reading to is on (this will tell you how many places you can move forward if you get the correct answer).Green: Scrapes and scabs - focuses mainly on external bodyPink: Blood & Guts - disgusting fun facts within internal organs and body partsBlue: Blubber or Buff - more lifestyle questionsPurple: The player's free choiceCard example is: ""What do your tonsils do?""  I bet you don't know the answer!!!  But you will after playing.Most of the questions are multiple choice or true/false.  There are wild cards where you might be asked to perform an action or to move forward on the board.The packaging, cards and board are colorful drawings that are clear and thankfully not disgusting.I didn't agree with all the of the healthy tips (we're gluten and dairy free) so telling us to eat grains and milk isn't healthy for us...but for typical American families who eat off the government food chart, it should be fine.  I also wasn't completely convinced that the measurements for some of the answers applied to every person, but again, it was fun game, just don't take it all to be facts in stone.There are a lot of cards about poop and pee, but they were interesting facts, so if you're offended by bodily fluids, this is not the game for you.  My son; however, thought these cards were the most hilarious.  Have fun playing!"

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.04420539364218712,0.04531913250684738,0.049015965312719345,0.0454053170979023,0.046271972358226776,0.04432881996035576,0.045385848730802536,0.04531324654817581,0.046890176832675934,0.044942714273929596,0.046220261603593826,0.04386615380644798,0.04518124461174011,0.04524538666009903,0.046426765620708466,0.04637444391846657,0.04554050788283348,0.04548041149973869,0.044415418058633804,0.04536617174744606,0.04414696246385574,0.04465774819254875
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
"My little step-brother really enjoyed this one.  As just about every other reviewer has mentioned, some of these questions/answers can be pretty gross.  But they're all pretty hilarious, and I love that it actually has some serious educational value.  Even I learned a few things.I think this would be a great choice for kids interested in science or body processes.  The game is listed as ""Under 6,"" but I think a kid would have to be a little older than that to have a shot at some of these questions.  That said, there are quite a few multiple choice questions, where guessing is always an option.The game is your typical cardboard set.  It's not terribly sturdy, but in my experience it's standard for a game in this price range and especially one geared toward younger children.Overall recommended.  A fun time for all."
I gave this to our third grade school teacher to use with her students and man did they have a blast with it. The game was not difficult to learn and appealed to their better sense of weirdness. Your kids will love it.
"This is a game the entire family will enjoy.  We played with two grandmas, two parents and two children - and everyone was laughing out loud and having a good time.  The box reads ages 6 +, but that is mostly because younger children won't know the answers.  My nine year old needed some explanations at times - such as transfusion.It's easy to learn.  Cleanest fingernails goes first then go clockwise.  You take a card and read the color that the player you're reading to is on (this will tell you how many places you can move forward if you get the correct answer).Green: Scrapes and scabs - focuses mainly on external bodyPink: Blood & Guts - disgusting fun facts within internal organs and body partsBlue: Blubber or Buff - more lifestyle questionsPurple: The player's free choiceCard example is: ""What do your tonsils do?""  I bet you don't know the answer!!!  But you will after playing.Most of the questions are multiple choice or true/false.  There are wild cards where you might be asked to perform an action or to move forward on the board.The packaging, cards and board are colorful drawings that are clear and thankfully not disgusting.I didn't agree with all the of the healthy tips (we're gluten and dairy free) so telling us to eat grains and milk isn't healthy for us...but for typical American families who eat off the government food chart, it should be fine.  I also wasn't completely convinced that the measurements for some of the answers applied to every person, but again, it was fun game, just don't take it all to be facts in stone.There are a lot of cards about poop and pee, but they were interesting facts, so if you're offended by bodily fluids, this is not the game for you.  My son; however, thought these cards were the most hilarious.  Have fun playing!"
This is a pretty interesting game that I think suits young kids more than teenagers.  I played this with my 6 year old and he found this game entertaining and I think it's pretty educational for him.  Although the questions still challenge my 6 year old, some of the questions are too easy and too basic for older kids and adults.
"My children are studying biology this year in our family's homeschool, so I was excited to receive a copy of ""Scabs and Guts"". It's a fun addition to our study of the human body. My almost 6 y.o. found some of the questions tricky, even with the multiple-choice format. As an adult, I found the questions pretty easy even when just asked straight-up without being given the multiple-choice options. My almost 9 y.o., on the other hand, found the challenge level perfect. So I would say that the game is most appropriate for age 7 or 8 to age 10 or 11. Both children appreciated the ""gross out"" factor- there was a lot of delighted ""EEEEEEEEWWWWW!!!!!"" when learning such facts as that the ancient Romans brushed their teeth with urine.As far as educational board games go, this one is a winner!"
This game was actually more fun than I expected. Typically, mixing educational and game means that fun starts to slide on the priority list. While this isn't as much pure fun as say, Sorry, it's also not quite the dry fact trip that Trivial Pursuit is. (For the record: I love both of those games, but one I play with my kids and one I don't!)Scabs and Guts hits a good mix. It may take a time or two through this for a kid to start getting the information right, but it's still fun while they're learning. The game does not take long to play, allowing plenty of time to give others the chance to dethrone the reigning champion.One benefit I see in this game is the way the question cards are structured. The questions are given with multiple choice answers, and many times the choices are quite obvious. That helps make the game play smoother with a child that doesn't know much in terms of health questions.Considering that a large amount of the human body's processes do involve things we just don't talk about in polite company, there's much that could be considered gross, but really isn't that bad.Is it worth your money to purchase? I'd say yes if you're kids are willing to play board games more than just every once in a while. If they're not super into the idea, I'm not sure this would draw them in to the habit.I rated this 4-stars because my kids are enjoying it. Of course, they could just be crazy.And it is obviously not the sturdiest game in the world: after a few years, it's going to wear it. Cards will be lost, but the game functions without the whole deck.So, you can enjoy Scabs and Guts. Even if you're not playing with a full deck.
"It's a fun game, at time.  Multiple choice questions are mostly guesses from any children playing, whereas they're blatantly obvious for the adults that you don't even need to hear the multiple choice options.  Many of the true/false questions are the same way.The game is OK once in a while with a different group of people - and for the most part, kids will always enjoy playing, 'cause it's a ""family time"" experience, so that's good.  Problem is, while it's fun at first (and at times), it's NOT fun all the time - not even during a single game.Overall, it's an interesting game, but it's not exactly something that everybody is hoping to play... Also, since all the questions and answers are in the set of cards, once you've gone through the deck a couple times, the reply value will be slight.  Difficult to recommend or not recommend...just know what you're buying.  After playing it 3-4 times, if I had the choice, I would not order again."
First off, this is not a game for children under 11 or 12. For young kids the medical/anatomy questions are just too difficult (and irrelevant). But for grown-ups and science-minded teenagers, the game offers competitive fun. Again, this is not a game that can be enjoyed by most people, since most people are dumb, but if you like medical topics the 120+ questions can teach you quite a bit. I played the game with my neighbors' teenager kids who are into science and they liked the game (everybody liked the wild cards), but I have to say the replay value, unless someone is really into these things, is not very high. Still, in a couple years when my own kids are about the right age, they'll probably enjoy playing it with their friends -- and show off their knowledge.
"My wife, who is a home teacher, says,""This game was little too gross even for my kids. Only played it once and only my son would play, daughter totally not interested.""And these are kids that watch Spongebob, Mad and other wacky cartoons. It just didn't seem to grab them. Good idea, though."
Scabs and Guts Board Game is the perfect game for a child ages about 6-10 or 6-12 who is into medical stuff. The game play is very simple, you move around the board by answering questions of various medical categories correctly. The questions are both silly and educational so the game never feels boring or like study. Many of the questions border on gross (questions regarding poop, vomit, puss, etc), which our household finds funny, but we're a big family filled with nurses and other medical professionals. My 3 year old daughter who loves everything medical loves the game, and she can play pretty well so long as I am selective in the questions I ask (keep it to questions about anatomy, nutrition, etc and not ones that include a lot of numbers). There are a few hundred cards with four questions each so you have lots of replay factor.It isn't the most fun game on its own as gameplay is very basic, but it is fun. And the fact that your child (and you) will be learning as you play makes me excited to use this game in our household for years to come.
My kids really liked this one.  We really enjoy family game night at our house so we are always on the look out for new titles to play, and we liked the replayability with this one, the fun, and this questions.  The gross-out factor wasn't too extreme but gross enough to add to the laughs.  It wasn't too hard for my 5 year old yet challenging enough still for my 12 year old and us adults.  Definitly a fun addition for game night!  Recommended!
"Once a month, my good friend Kathy graciously invites me and some of her other friends to her home for Game Night.  Everyone brings their children, which are mostly preteens and teenagers.  We play a variety of games such as ""Five Kings,"" ""Apples to Apples"" and ""Pictionary.""  When I brought over ""Scabs and Guts,"" everyone was eager to try it.My friends and I had a great time playing ""Scabs and Guts.""  With its strange title, I had my doubts.  (It sounds like the name of a horror-themed game.)  It was easy to learn, taking me approximately ten minutes to master it.  There was very little assembly; it consisted mostly of snapping the six cardboard pieces into their stands.  There are no dice or spinner to lose.  There is a large deck of cards and the tiny playing board which has a human body drawn upon it.  Certain parts are labeled with interesting facts.  For example, I never knew the femur was as hard as concrete.Two to six people can play.  However, if there are more players, they can be divided into teams.  We had five teams consisting of two players per team. Be prepared to hear a lot of people say, ""I didn't know that,"" when answers to health, medical and anatomy questions are given.  The level of difficulty of the questions ranges from easy to challenging; therefore the questions are appropriate for all ages.  Some questions are tricky and, therefore, need to be carefully read.Playing ""Scabs and Guts"" will make one realize that our bodies are marvelously intricate and complex biological entities.  The game emphasizes the need to properly take care of them through exercise and nutrition.  According to one of the questions, we must exercise one hour a day to keep our bodies healthy.  Also, an adult has thirty-two teeth.  There are multiple choice and true/false questions from three different categories.I highly recommend ""Scabs and Guts"" for the entire family to play.  It is enjoyable, educational, clean and economical.  For the price of a movie ticket and small popcorn, a group of friends can have endless hours of wholesome fun.  (I plan on playing it with my elderly parents when they come to visit me in a few weeks.)  Most importantly, I believe this game can teach our youth not to smoke, engage in recreational drugs or drink heavily.  In other words, they will learn to respect and take care of their bodies.  Our health is very fragile and can be easily lost; it shouldn't be taken for granted.Joseph B. Hoyos"
So much fun for the entire family! I was surprised how much the kids AND the adults loved it! A good time was had by all! A great gift for a family or your own family game night!
I got this game because it sounded like something my children would love playing. The icks and giggles that came from the kitchen table as they played indicated this was a good idea. If you have children that like to know about farts and such then this is a good game for them.
This game is one that can entertain kids, and you might even be able to keep them off the tv/computer for about 30 mins. For that alone it gets at least 2 stars.Pros:1. Easy for children to learn. (answer a question correctly, move the number of spaces card says)2. Weird/yucky facts (appeals the curiosity of youngsters)3. It will make you and the children laugh.The reason this game isn't rated higher, is because the limited appeal. It's hardly a game you'll want to play more than once or twice in a row. It doesn't keep the attention span of kids (but what does these days, other than video games / tv). children over 12 might still play this, but at 15, they will most likely stay away. I'd say 7-9 year olds is the better target audience, as they can truly enjoy the yucky-interesting tidbits of useless knowledge.
"This game is recommended for ages 6+.  I honestly don't know how children would be able to answer some of these questions.  I have an eight year old and she wasn't able to answer a single question, although my four year old did know that picking your nose can cause bloody noses.The game is advertised as being ""disgusting"" so I thought there would be some gross interactive playing like squishy putty to play with or something, but it's only a board that your token moves across and cards that have 3 categories to choose from.Our family played this in teams: my husband and four year old; me and my eight year old.  The kids were completely unable to participate aside from the part of moving the token ahead however many spaces.  They were very bored.I, on the other hand, enjoyed these questions.  I love any kind of anatomy related trivia and scientific facts and the game is right up my alley.  Unfortunately I don't see very many adults being as enthusiastic as I am where we could have Couples Game Night and actually play this like we would Trivial Pursuit or some other game.I'll definitely hang on to this game for when my kids are older.  I'd say this game is more appropriate for ages 10-14."
Today I played Scabs and Guts and just had to write. The game has been staring at me for a week and finally I got together with some girlfriends to play.We set up the pieces and when I told them the name, they both cracked up. They couldn't believe that the instructions actually state, the person with the cleanest fingernails starts the game. It actually says that? They both had to read it for themselves. We selected our playing pieces and started. It was both fun and educational. We surprised ourselves with how smart we actually were and how much information we already know. You select the category and are asked a question for that category. If you get it right you move the number of spaces on the card. The questions are true or false or multiple choice. While the age says 6+, I don't believe someone under 10 could play.We loved the game and can't wait to get together again.
I finally sat down and played this game with my kids and they totally loved it. It was fun and very basic yet educational.The set-up and instructions were easy to follow and we got alot of laughs out of this game plus my children had the chance to learn something new.I enjoyed it!
I have a 6 year old granddaughter and this game sounded like something she would enjoy.  It's definitely not intended for adults without children.  The game is advertised for ages 6 and up, but I have to agree with the other reviewers that 6 is a bit young for this game.However, we really enjoyed playing it.  My granddaughter needed help reading the cards, but it was very good for her to sound out what she could.  She actually was able to figure out some of the questions and move forward in the game.  We frequently felt the need to simplify the questions and answers for her.  She was able to learn with our help this way.  She also held onto what she learned and made jokes of how many pints of pee she could make, or guessed at the various foreign substances in her boogers :)We played it twice, then I packed it away.  We'll pull it back out when she's about 8 because I think that will be a much more appropriate age for her to play this game and understand it.The game itself was well made and should last a long time.  There are no breakable parts.  However, one of the decks of cards was stuck together as if a large corner had been dipped in glue.  We had to tear the cards apart, resulting in thin, ragged corners.I think a lot of kids would enjoy this game!
This game has cute questions about your body, simple diseases, and things about boogers, and smoking and other facts of life. Go by player, or teams, which ever you want. We played a complete game in about ten minutes, it was fun and we all laughed. Ask the question, if they get it right, they get to move ahead, otherwise, you skip your turn. Whoever gets to the end first wins. Great for all ages. If you have a young child who wants to play I would suggest teams, and let the child play with an older child who may know some of the questions. Most questions are simple and common sence. Great family game to add to your collection of games.
"Let's face it, some board games can be a little daunting for younger children and it's hard to bridge the gap between older and younger players. Scabs 'N' Guts is the game that bridges that gap with lots and lots of laughter.We played with our daughter and she ended up with a case of the hiccups because she kept laughing in between questions. Even picking the game pieces provided a chuckle! When choosing between Buster Guts or Lilly Liver, we knew we were in for a treat.Up to 6 people can play at once, and the person with the cleanest fingernails always goes first. It's a very simple game - move your piece from Start to the Finish. No egg timers, no dice, it's just read, laugh, and play again.I've uploaded a few sample cards into the ""Customer Images"" section so you can see what the questions are like.There are several opportunities to teach your children about many different topics, though I think this game works a little better as a 8+ game because I doubt even the most savvy 6 year old would know the definition of impetigo.My only gripe? The Wild Cards don't get enough use! We played 2 games in a row and only got one wild card, and it was the one about farting in a movie theater...we all agreed that these cards provide a good dose of humor into an already fun game, there just needs to be more chances to see them.If the game designers made 2 piles of cards (Questions and Wild Cards) and changed 4-5 of the spaces into Wild Card spaces, this would help.In summary, if you like games that test your knowledge of parasites and freckles, and you can accurately portray what it looks like to use pee as mouthwash to go ahead 3 spaces, this game will provide a lot of laughs for your family."
"We received this game the night we had my sons' friends over.  It was a hit with the 8 year olds, but the 6 and under crowd was less than impressed.  After a couple of rounds, I would recommend the age as 8+, rather than 6+.Reading is required.  The questions vary in difficulty, which can make it very fun, or very frustrating for little ones.  In one round my 8 year old was asked ""If you don't cover coughs and sneezes, what can happen?  a) your nose will fall off, b) you won't get well, or c) bug-filled droplets will fly out"" and my 6 year old was asked ""Mucophagy means what?  Eating boogers, fear of boogers, or study of boogers"".  My 6 year old found this unfair, as he knew the answer to the first one and no one knew the answer to the second one, but that's how you learn, by not knowing.As my examples show, some may find this game inappropriate as it deals in farts and boogers, but it is a fun learning game for kids and my kids enjoy it immensely.  My 5 year old wants to play it almost every day.One of the many times we have played this, the 8 year old was called away and I was left playing with 2 teenage girls who didn't want to quit just because we lost the person who wanted to play in the first place, so it is fun for the whole family."
