Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
"My 4-year-old is thrilled with this set. I knew it was going to be a bit of a nightmare as soon as I got it out of the (ARGH) packaging.There are lots of very small pieces of fruit and assorted other food, as well as little cardboard money. There is nowhere to store the food, and the playset doesn't fully close. It has one half-size hinged ""door,"" but that's useless in terms of trying to contain the set. It's difficult to carry from one room to another or to store because it's not self-contained and has no handle. Therefore, as expected, my daughter has already lost about 10% of the pieces by day 2. They're floating somewhere around her toybox and other playsets, I assume.Wow. I just noticed a piece of the ""money"" sitting right next to my keyboard. Okay, make it 9%.Anyway. It's a pretty design, with bright colors and a cheerful look. I thought it was supposed to be the marketplace, but no, it's Strawberry's house. The idea is that she's already done her shopping and is coming home with all her goods (and she's brought the shopping cart and baskets with her? Stop, thief!).The rising cake in the oven is cute once you figure out how to open and close the door ""just right."" (The cake has to be in all the way.) Cash register is cute, too. Strawberry herself is bigger than most little figurines, with moveable arms and legs, and smells just as wonderfully strawberry-ish as you'd expect. Of course, I wish the set had come with at least one more character. For the price, I think it would only be fair. How can anyone play with a set with only one character?The other thing that would have been nice is somewhere for Strawberry to put her grocieries once she gets home-- the obvious choice would have been a refrigerator and/or a couple of cabinets that open and close. At the very least, a shelf. As it stands, she has nowhere to put her things except on the kitchen table or floor. Showing Strawberry putting her things away would be a nice lesson to pass on to kids in this age range!So, in short, it's cheerful and sweet, but you'll have to attach a little baggie or something to keep the pieces in, and maybe swap in some furniture from another playset."

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.0552409365773201,0.05176816135644913,0.055869147181510925,0.053817734122276306,0.051714926958084106,0.056147024035453796,0.056900717318058014,0.0552162304520607,0.058784306049346924,0.056724440306425095,0.05767858400940895,0.05693884566426277,0.05639336258172989,0.05622664466500282,0.056572962552309036,0.05748263746500015,0.056355807930231094,0.050167541950941086
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
This is a cute set, with many little pieces to engage the imagination and delight children. Poor Strawberry is all alone in the shop, however. Clearly they wish for you to buy additional pieces, but it would have been nice to include another figure.My girls added ponies and pets from their other sets to play with Strawberry Shortcake. The building is fun and a novel idea, not your typical house setting.Overall, it seems well-made and a durable toy. It's certainly one of the favorites in the toy rotation.
My 5-year old is a huge Strawberry Shortcake fan, and has really, really enjoyed Strawberry's Berry Bitty Market. The market building itself is so-so as a playset - there's not much to do other than pop cakes in and out of the oven or serve food through the to-go window - but the many, many fantastically detailed little food pieces, the shopping cart and grocery bags, and the cash register with tiny money and credit card have been played with a lot! We already own Blueberry Muffin and Raspberry Tart figures, and our new Strawberry and her friends have had lots of fun shopping at the market, having birthday parties with cake and strawberry milk, and packing up food to go on picnics. It's a really nice set for old-fashioned pretend play.Though we like this set overall, I think it's ridiculous that it comes with only one figure. I'm sure that my daughter wouldn't be having nearly as much fun with it if we had only Strawberry Shortcake to play with. So, while I would definitely recommend this set for those who already have a big family of Strawberry Shortcake characters, I wouldn't necessarily suggest it as a stand-alone item. Buy only if you are prepared to spend some more money on extra figures!
My younger daughter likes this set a lot and often uses the market play set to create her own little world. She likes to pretend the set is a party house and throws big food parties for her dolls. My older daughter also enjoys playing with it especially the cash register and all the silly sounds it makes. I guess girls have an innate desire to shop.They already had aLemon Meringue dollso this set was perfect for giving them a complete playhouse. The scent is surprisingly long lasting. Even after playing with this for a while, the fruit scents are still noticeable.One caveat is there are many little pieces that could be easily lost. They are well suited for small hands but very young children may put these accessories in their mouths, especially the food.
The good:-- My niece (4 years old) loves it-- Nice smell-- Lots of little pieces for the kids to play with-- Plastic, but sturdier than you'd think-- The unit and various pieces are well-designed, aesthetically speakingThe bad:-- Lots of little pieces for the kids to keep track of-- Not very complicated, in terms of educational value-- Only one figure comes with this playset (and you'll need more for the store concept to work)A good play-set for Strawberry Shortcake fans, especially if you can buy it discounted from the list price.
My daughter is a fan of Strawberry Shortcake but does not have a lot of the Strawberry Shortcake toys. However, she has successfully integrated this toy and her limited amount of Strawberry Shortcake toys into her much larger collection of Polly Pockets and Littlest Pet Shop toys. They are roughly the same size and she now has enough of these littlest stand alone sets to make a little downtown shopping area for all kinds of similarly-sized toys. I have even found my old childhood Han Solo Star Wars doll accompanying the young ladies in this menagerie of toys. Your little girl will love it, I am sure.
With two little girls in the house we have many of these types of play sets. I'd consider this on par with the quality of the My Little Pony playsets (at least the ones from a few years ago, I admit I haven't bought a new one in awhile). While I much prefer Playmobil toys for their creativity and open ended play my daughters still manage to make up their own story lines (and the ponies visit this set as do the people from the playmobil world), I'm happy with the quality... the colors are bright and fun, the details are really nice (nicer then what you typically find on the littlest pet shop sets).Yes this set does come with many little pieces, but again... if you buy this style of sets very often you're used to those little pieces and if you teach your children to always put the little pieces into a special box (we just use a small rubbermaid) you can keep all the little pieces in one place and not lose them. I do wish it came with more then one doll but again, it's typical for this style set to only come with one. So far I haven't purchased another but I likely will as stocking stuffers this Christmas.Cute toy and not a bad value for imaginative play.
There's nothing more satisfying than seeing the awe in a child's eye, in this case my 2.5 year old niece. Although this toy is geared for kids 3 years and up, with the correct supervision, a 2.5 year old kid can play with this set too. I have no personal experience with the strawberry shortcake character except in what I see on TV or kids magazines, but the appeal of this toy makes a strong impression to kids especially if this is their first doll house. The parts are small but if you let it play to the intended kid's age, there's no danger in swallowing or choking on the parts. The talking feature of the character of this doll house also adds on the excitement that kids will feel during playtime. It has made a very strong impression on my niece and I am happy to say I highly recommend this doll house/toy.
"While I am far from an expert in Strawberry Shortcake toys, I have to say I was a bit skeptical of the play set when I received it.  While the front of the building is indeed two stories, there is an oven portion on a hinge that swings to the back of the building for storage.  The oven portion is only a single story and less than half the size of the front.  This really made the toy kind of odd to me.  It seemed that the swing out portion really wasn't big enough to add a lot to the set in terms of entertainment and the fact it is not the same size as the front means that the pieces cannot be put ""inside"" the playset for storage and to keep the items from being lost.  I attempted to play with the cake with some success.  After a few tries, I was able to make the cake rise.  I noted the money and letters were all real small and make out of thick paper, which really made me wonder how long it would last (it turned out those pieces were lost long before they wore out).I then turned over testing to my children, three girls aged 4, 6, and 8.  The set really did not draw a lot of complaints from the children.  My oldest daughter did say that she had a hard time getting the pieces through the mail slot and surprisingly expressed concern that the paper mail was bending and she thought it would not last long.  The two younger children indeed enjoyed the play set.  It did seem that the toy was cast aside within a few days for their traditional favorites.  So while the play set was a hit at first, it really did not seem to maintain the interest of my children long enough to become a regular favorite.Personally, if I had purchased the item for my children, I think I would have been disappointed.  While I typically do not like to mention price when I am testing a product, I think the current price of $30 is a bit much.  I do think the set would make a decent mid-ranged price birthday or Christmas gift to another child.  Strawberry Shortcake seems to have fairly universal appeal amongst young girls and the price makes it a gift that is not too expensive, but won't make you look cheap at the same time.Overall, as a parent I would have been disappointed in terms of what I felt the value was for the money spent.  However, the girls did seem to enjoy the play set and while I would not call it a regular favorite, they still do pull it out from time to time.  As others have mentioned, the small pieces of food and other items have been integrated with other toys and seem to be nowhere to be found.  If your children are anything like mine, extra care will probably need to be taken to keep track of the pieces."
"My 4-year-old is thrilled with this set. I knew it was going to be a bit of a nightmare as soon as I got it out of the (ARGH) packaging.There are lots of very small pieces of fruit and assorted other food, as well as little cardboard money. There is nowhere to store the food, and the playset doesn't fully close. It has one half-size hinged ""door,"" but that's useless in terms of trying to contain the set. It's difficult to carry from one room to another or to store because it's not self-contained and has no handle. Therefore, as expected, my daughter has already lost about 10% of the pieces by day 2. They're floating somewhere around her toybox and other playsets, I assume.Wow. I just noticed a piece of the ""money"" sitting right next to my keyboard. Okay, make it 9%.Anyway. It's a pretty design, with bright colors and a cheerful look. I thought it was supposed to be the marketplace, but no, it's Strawberry's house. The idea is that she's already done her shopping and is coming home with all her goods (and she's brought the shopping cart and baskets with her? Stop, thief!).The rising cake in the oven is cute once you figure out how to open and close the door ""just right."" (The cake has to be in all the way.) Cash register is cute, too. Strawberry herself is bigger than most little figurines, with moveable arms and legs, and smells just as wonderfully strawberry-ish as you'd expect. Of course, I wish the set had come with at least one more character. For the price, I think it would only be fair. How can anyone play with a set with only one character?The other thing that would have been nice is somewhere for Strawberry to put her grocieries once she gets home-- the obvious choice would have been a refrigerator and/or a couple of cabinets that open and close. At the very least, a shelf. As it stands, she has nowhere to put her things except on the kitchen table or floor. Showing Strawberry putting her things away would be a nice lesson to pass on to kids in this age range!So, in short, it's cheerful and sweet, but you'll have to attach a little baggie or something to keep the pieces in, and maybe swap in some furniture from another playset."
"My five year old loves to play with small toy sets.  She has a small village where the Littlest Petshop pets, My Little Ponies, and Zoobles all live in relative harmony.  She enjoyed adding this market to her town, and has been having fun selling berries and treats to all her citizens.Description:  This playset is a smallish, two story market that comes with a Strawberry Shortcake figure and 30 or so play items -- pieces of fruit, money, a cake, etc.  The market does a few things.  If you put the cake in the oven and open the door, the cake will rise.  You can open and close the cash register, and there are a variety of recorded Strawberry Shortcake sayings.What's Good:- The market and the food pieces are very solidly made.  They look good, and my daughter is having tons of fun.What Could Be Better:- The food pieces are VERY small - smaller than a dime.  This isn't a toy for children who might eat the food.  The ""money"" is made of cardstock instead of plastic, so my guess is that it won't last.- It would have been nice to have some place built into the market to store all of the small pieces -- a cooler or closet or something that closed with a latch or magnet so that it would be easier to keep all the pieces together.  As it is, we are keeping the pieces in a ziploc bag, but it's sort of inevitable that in a year, half of them will be lost and half of them will be mixed up with other playsets."
I have little girls who for some reason go nuts over these little play sets that come with lots of itty bitty pieces.  This Strawberry Shortcake market playset is cute but, I feel it's over priced for what you get.  The set comes with one doll, which means you'll have to buy more dolls if you want Strawberry to have someone to shop in her store, loads of little food and money pieces, some furniture, an oven and a register.The set is cute and little girls will certainly delight in playing with it, but I don't see it being a very durable product.  Like most playsets geared to girls that are made by Habro, the construction isn't anything spectacular, and it's only a matter of time before the toy starts falling apart and frustrating your child while she plays. In short, the quality of the product is not worth the price.  If the toy was priced in the $20 range I'd say it would be a better value for what you are getting.
"Having grown up in the 80's, seeing Strawberry Shortcake again struck a chord with me, and I decided to pick this up for my daughter who is three and a half.Opening the package, I was immediately hit by the strong, very fake-smelling strawberry scent that had me flashing back to 1983. Though, nostalgia was quickly dashed as I continued opening the packaging that was clearly designed by and for a masochist. I like to think I'm a reasonably competent adult, but the endless series of tie-downs and plastic shells taped to plastic shells was ridiculous.Once everything was finally open, I discovered that the proudly advertised ""30 pieces!"" were really about five pieces that looked fun to play with, and 25 pieces of food, money, and coupons that were no larger than what you'd find on a charm bracelet. While the safety rating is 3+, the box indicates that it's intended for children 4+. If your child is still experimenting with putting things in his or her mouth, stay far away from this toy.All of the pieces are made of fairly low-quality plastic, where it seemed like the ""magic"" cake in the oven had broken immediately (it hadn't, but it's a weak magnetic toy encased in a very thin ""oven""). The cash register counter makes a few noises and has some phrases, but the novelty wears off very fast. Were it not for the Strawberry Shortcake licensing, I'd think any store would be nuts if they tried to sell this for more than a third of the MSRP."
I played with Strawberry Shortcake as a child, and I thought my daughter would like her, too. I was right. Even though this new version of Strawberry Shortcake looks different than the doll I had as a kid, the plasticky, strawberry scent was exactly what I remember.All in all, my child has enjoyed this playset immensely. It's pretty durable and has a lot of features to keep the young ones entertained. The talking cash register with the opening and closing door is a nice touch as is the rising cake in the oven. One drawback, though, is the packaging. The amount is insane. It took me a good 10 mins to cut through and release all the pieces from their plastic casing. In retrospect, it was probably not wise to do this in front of my young child who was very eager to play with the playset and couldn't understand why it was taking me so long to free the pieces. Still, once it was free, she loved it and has been playing with it non-stop for over a week.
My kindergartener LOVES Strawberry Shortcake and was excited to get this set.I tend not to buy toys that talk, but the audio on this is tolerable to me, as long as I am not sitting right beside it.I found adding two more dolls from theStrawberry Shortcake Mini Figure Two Pack Berry Bloomin Garden Blueberry Muffin Orange Blossomset made it much more fun to play with. Strawberry enjoys having customers, and friends.There are many many tiny pieces in this set, it is a complete choking hazard. But my five-year-old is our youngest so it wasn't a concern to me. If you have toddlers in the house, you will need to be very vigilant about this.Overall, a fun toy if you have a Strawberry Shortcake fan in your home.
My six year old daughter loves this. It's just perfect for her. She played with it for a couple of hours the first night we had it. It's got a lot of little pieces so it's not for little kids. There isn't anywhere on the toy to store the pieces so we use a baggie. It would be cool if it had a place to store them. Strawberry Shortcake is a cute character and very nice for little girls.When it comes right down to it, my six year old loves it and it's safe for her age group. Given this I would reccomend it and get it for a gift for other girls of this age group.
"If this were just based on my opinion of this toy set, I would probably give it three stars. It's okay, but not fantastic. However, if you asked my 4.5-year-old, she would start talking so quickly and excitedly about it that you probably wouldn't be able to understand what she was saying. She loves Strawberry Shortcake and was amazed to discover that a line of toys exists.This shouldn't surprise me, but the back of the box shows Strawberry Shortcake in this market playset with a couple of other figurines ... but only one comes with it. My daughter saw the picture and is bummed that she only has one of them. However, we have other little toys - not Strawberry Shortcake but similar in size - so she has improvised, providing her own toy playmates with what we already had (including a Happy Meal figure we got a while ago from the Strawberry Shortcake line - I think her name is Blueberry Muffin; she isn't quite the same size as Strawberry Shortcake, but it still works). I might still get a couple more figures as a stocking stuffer for Christmas, but we're good for now.She has a much larger Little Tikes-style market that she and her brother and her friend ""play market"" with, so she loves the opportunity to play with a smaller version with a little cash register and oven and food pieces.Because it has lots of small parts, we have had to set a couple of rules for playing with it: (1) she only plays with it in her room, which helps us not lose pieces, and (2) she has to put it away on the highest shelf she can reach as soon as she's done with it because it's tempting for her little brother and for the dog. And we've labeled a little Gladware container for the pieces, because there isn't built-in storage. So far, so good, but I know there's a risk of loss anytime you have little pieces!"
The Strawberry Shortcake Berry Bitty Market Playset is a very cute little toy. It is well made and seems durable. I brought this toy to a church picnic where my little cousins were present. They were very enthusiastic about it at first, but after about ten minutes they lost interest. There were LOTS of little pieces and a church picnic was definitely the wrong venue for this toy. Had they been at home with no distractions the playset would have been much more appropriate.It is very colorful and has lots of features that are engaging to children. It is pleasantly scented and has the possiblilty of being educational, especially if guided by an adult. I recommend this toy with some reservations...in a quiet environment with a calm child. My ill-behaved hyperactive cousins weren't crazy about it. I thought it was adorable (the playset...not the cousins.)
I purchased this for my seven-year-old daughter as a reward for good work at school, and she loves it! She has quite a lot of the Strawberry Shortcake playsets (we've been collecting them since she was four) and this is one of the nicest playsets. Both of us were not too happy with the clubhouse since it did not stand very well and was a bit unbalanced, due to lack of support on the bottom. Some of the other playsets are a little flimsy for what you pay, but this is really value for money (of course, comparison shopping is a must and I was happy at the discounted price compared to retailers elsewhere).The Berry Bitty Market playset comes with only one doll, i.e. Strawberry Shortcake with a removable large cap (and she smells heavenly of course!). I would recommend purchasing some of the other dolls separately if you don't already own them since it will be more fun playing with several dolls compared to only one. I think for the price, the manufacturer could have included a companion for Strawberry Shortcake.Some of the cute features which my daughter loves is the talking cash register. There's a little button on the side of the cash register and when it is pressed, it emits sounds, like the ringing of a cash register, and some phrases uttered by Strawberry Shortcake (pre-recorded). There's also a cute oven that can be opened to reveal a cake that pops out.There are tons of accessories too - lots of tiny play food, a table and chairs, plus a couple of other accessories. In all there are about 30 accessories. Since many of the playfood are so tiny, I would not recommend this set for those under four for fear of choking. The batteries are included and I did not have to replace them since they worked fine. There is a manual included on how to remove the old batteries and insert new ones.This is one of the best Strawberry Shortcake playsets which can provide lots of quality and fun playtime for children ages 4 and up.
