Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
"Positives:- Parent's Choice Gold Award (the nation's oldest nonprofit guide to quality children's media and toys)- 2011 Preferred Choice Award - Creative Child Magazine-Recommended age: 5+-Size: 13.25"" x 9"" x 2.25""  (but leave a large area when you play it!)-Expected play time: 30 minutes-Number of players: 1 to 8Our family has a lot of respect for Ravensburger games.  Ravensburger is a German company that has won many awards for its puzzles, games, and children's books.  This game is very reminiscent of our favorite, Carcassonne, by Rio Grande Games (another household favorite).  Then I had to look this up because I had remembered a game like this from when I was young - and sure enough it was published in 1969 by James Galt and Company and again in 1970 as ""Connect"" by Ravensburger.  It was re-released in 1984 as Rivers, Roads, and Rails, so clearly Carcassonne came much later (released in 2000) and may have been influenced by this game.While the original Connect was super boring in appearance, it had colored lines (red, blue, black) representing the rivers, roads, and railways, this one does have actual tangles of rivers, roads, and railways, but it's not the best artwork in the world.  But the artwork isn't necessarily important...the gameplay is.  And I think your enjoyment of the gameplay is going to hinge on the age of those playing the game.Our son is 4 and he got disinterested very quickly when he had turns in which he didn't lay a tile.  We tried to play the first game through and we just couldn't...he was unhappy ""missing"" turns because he didn't have a tile that connected to the main board and we quickly realized that this was a ""play til every tile is placed"" game instead of a ""winner is the first to run out of tiles"" game.  We just can't spend 30 minutes on a game with our 4 year old.We made up some variants, the one we liked best was giving a range of tiles and working it as a ""first to run out of tiles"" game.  We didn't go with any of the variations on the rules sheet (which was an 8 x 10 piece of regular thin paper, folded), and instead went to the Board Game Geek website and looked at some alternate suggestions from other families.In the end, though, we realized that we'd rather take out our Carcassonne tiles and play a variant with our son, since those tiles are prettier and MUCH more commonly match up.  That's not to say that we won't love to play this game when he is too old for the Carcassonne variant and too young for the real Carcassonne."

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.03362154960632324,0.03277795761823654,0.03350313752889633,0.032841309905052185,0.032643139362335205,0.03192821890115738,0.03211163356900215,0.03545118868350983,0.0355188325047493,0.031876638531684875,0.03407253697514534,0.03160667419433594,0.034835681319236755,0.03319939598441124,0.03122844360768795,0.03350088372826576,0.03461224585771561,0.034288614988327026,0.03442871943116188,0.033061906695365906,0.03217954933643341,0.033590562641620636,0.031718358397483826,0.03300128132104874,0.03379911929368973,0.036620400846004486,0.03402255102992058,0.03220070153474808,0.032427702099084854,0.03333110362291336
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
I have two children ages three and five who enjoyed playing this game with me. It took them a while to get the hang of the rules, but once they figured it out they were having fun. The rules are fairly simple, but the  pieces can be tricky for little ones to match properly. I really liked the concept behind this game of matching train tracks, waterways, and roads. I feel the game could be improved a bit by simply making the graphics a little easier for children to match. Otherwise the game is great and unique. I recommend it for rainy days or family game nights.
"We played this as a two person game, but it turned into a ""work together to figure it out"" game. We played with the traditional rules (first one to get rid of pieces wins). The main thing that was frustrating was that we were drawing and drawing and not finding correct pieces. We ended up turning them all over and searching for what we needed. Then it became pretty clear there isn't a final layout where all lines are ended. (That we could find. You may be better at it than we were.) My son just wanted to put it together like a puzzle.There are two variations for play. The first is to find pieces with curves and make them the corners of a 12x12 square. The object here is to build from the corners. The other starts with a line in the middle, but I read the instructions several times and cant understand what to do on it.We were finally able to make a loop of the cards. It did not take all the cards, but it did take a lot of planning ahead and remaking parts that didn't work out. And it was fun, fun, fun for the 5 year old!I think my son will continue with it as a 1 player game, more like a puzzle. That's how I'll play it too. It could possibly be much more fun with more players, we just don't have anyone else to test this."
In my opinion this is a domino type game. There are 150 cards total in the set, you play with 10 cards, and you draw additional cards if you do not have a card to play during your turn. You can play a card if you can match it to either of the open ends of cards that have already been played. The idea is to keep roads, rails, and rivers continuous. There are cards on which one of them ends, or begins, or continues.My 4.5 year old son and I played this game one afternoon. He easily understood the rules and it was easy for him to play. My son was excited in the beginning, but after about 15 minutes lost interest. I also lost interest quickly.We played on the floor and the game relatively quickly took a lot of space. We would not be able to play it on his small desk or on the coffee table. At some point I had about 20 cards drawn making it difficult to keep in front of me because of the lack of space. I was able to use most of cards quickly in my following turns, but my son did not want to play anymore, so we did not finish the game.I think the problem is that the game is not too exciting and that was making it seem like it was too long. I guess that if you play with more players, the game may be more exciting.
"This was was so much fun to play and not like something we have played before. The idea is simple for younger children but also a little advance, for you get to build off your game pieces, which makes the game more enjoyable then the regular board game. Played the game with the little ones and even the older sister, 7, thought that it was a lot of fun because ""I can make it my way"" and ""It's fun and weird board but I like it"" where the words coming out of her mouth. The younger one was trying to just get the play concept and beat her sister but after a little help from me they were well into a game. After a week later I found that they pull out the game themselves and don't even need my help anymore to direct them on how to play so it's a great game and easy to pick up for younger kids. Plus considering how many times they have played it in the last few weeks I have to say how happy I am with the amount of use this game has gotten."
I got this out for two of my grandsons, ages 6 and 9, who were visiting.  Instead of playing the game we decided to just have fun and make rivers, roads and rails.  After a while one of the boys lost interest in it while the other thought it was fun.  I can't say it's the best game/puzzle we've ever had, but it's okay.  As other reviewers have mentioned it takes a very large space to play this game.
"Rivers, Roads ands Rails is a great non-competitive game for elementary age children that introduces the elements of engineering.In this card-based game, each child picks ten cards. Then using the cards in turn, they lay tracks, roads or rivers for boats, cars and trains. The trick with the game that requires logical thinking skills is that the players must match their cards to the ones that went before. If the first card had a river and a road, they have to match it. You cannot connect two pieces that do not logically continue from the two that went before. So you can't just end a road, or disconnect a river or disrupt the train tracks. You have to keep your traffic moving.To make this concept come alive, I gave my children little paper boats, trains, and cars to ""drive"" on the cards with. Can the train go? Can the car go? Can the boat row? If not, what needs to be fixed? What comes next?These cards are about the same size as matching game cards (like Memory), but once the game gets going, it takes up quite a bit of space. You will want to play this on the floor, or on a large table top.Teachers, this is a great game for indoor recess, or as a math resource (basics of engineering) for children that are visual or kinesthetic learners.The directions come with several variations: ""Roadblock"" and ""Foursies.""The game is never the same twice, it is always new and different."
"My boys love ""cooperative"" type games and that is exactly how we have been playing this game, especially since they are only 4 and 5 and don't understand rules fully yet.  There are three variations of the game included, but so far we have just made up our own game and had fun with that!  I like that the game places are sturdy and durable, definitely important for a mom of two roughhousing boys!  For my husband and I, the game is pretty simple and boring, but then again it is a game meant for kids and my kids love it.The game includes 140 scenery cards featuring road, river, and railroad tracks that you need to connect.  The winner is the player that uses up all their cards.  Its fun to play with or without the instructions.  The game teaches strategy, decision making, working together (or competition), and taking turns.  It is an especially fun game for kids who love transportation!"
"This is a great game for kids who are at an age where they can learn a little strategy. It is a matching game, but there is more to it than that. They have to be able to be flexible as well, because the board may be different by the time their turn comes around again.1. You will need a lot of space!  The game expands very quickly in terms of playing area. My husband and I found ourselves laying tiles so that we would turn the direction of the game so it didn't fall off our table. Playing on the floor doesn't work well for me, but you certainly could.2. The quality of the game is great. There is a lot of white on the tiles, but it helps kids to better see the rivers, roads, and rails.3. Though it is not Carcassone, it can ""train"" them to play with a similiar concept of laying tiles down.4. The gameplay itself is simple. You start with 10 tiles. On your turn you draw a tile, and then decide which one you want to place. If you have no eligible tiles, you miss your turn. The person who runs out of tiles first wins; Or, if there are no more tiles to draw, the person with the fewest tiles remaining wins. It's pretty straight forward.5. At any given time, there are only 2-3 potential spots to build from.Our family liked this game, and our eight-year-old caught on very quickly. We will be playing it again!"
In all fairness, I should give this game two separate reviews - one from me and one from my daughter (age 5).  My daughter gives the game 5 stars, says it's her favorite game and can't wait to play again.I, on the other hand, would probably give it one star because I pretty much hated the game, but objectively speaking, it deserves a bit more for a clever concept.  If only said concept were a bit better executed.The game consists of 140 cards each with a road, river, railroads track, or some combination thereof.  Players start the game by drawing ten cards each from a kitty of all the cards which are mixed up face down in the box.  One card from the box is then turned up as the starting point for the game.  Players play their cards on either side of this card and then proceed outward, connecting roads to roads, rivers to rivers, etc.  Each card must line up exactly with the card next to it; for instance, if a card already played has a river and a railroad, the adjoining card must have both a river and a railroad and no road.  Roads, rivers and railroads all begin and end on different cards, so one side of a card may be different from the other.According to the rules, each player draws a card at the beginning of his/her turn and play continues until all 140 cards have been drawn and either one player has played all of his/her cards or there are no more matches to be made.  This sounded like a rather long game to me, so, hoping to shorten it a bit, I changed that to only having to draw a card if you couldn't make a match, and the first player to play all of her cards would win.Unfortunately, my little variation didn't change the outcome.  There are so many different possible combinations of roads, rivers and railroads, plus it seemed that they always began or ended on the wrong side of a card, plus the fact that the roads, rivers and railroads often curve in inconvenient directions, it seemed that we never had an appropriate matching card.  We ended up drawing the whole deck anyway with turn after turn passing and neither of us drawing a playable card.  Then, once you finally find a playable card, especially one that changes the configuration, you have an awful lot of cards to sort through to find another one that matches.This game takes up an inordinate amount of space once you've been playing for a while.  The instructions suggest playing on a large table or on the floor, but I can't imagine a table large enough and which you could still reach the playable ends of the game.  So we played on the floor, which isn't so comfortable if you're over the age of, oh, about five.  Even still you'll find that you have to move around a fair amount, toting your heap of cards with you, as the rivers, roads and rails extend out in all directions.The game seemed to take forever and was pretty much an exercise in frustration.  I'm not sure what it was about the game that my daughter liked, except perhaps having my attention for over an hour.  Personally, by the end of it, Chinese water torture seemed preferable.The instructions do contain a couple variations which might actually make the game shorter and/or more interesting, but I couldn't quite get my head around them from the written explanations and we haven't had time to actually try them.  You might also be able to come up with your own variations, or perhaps simply eliminating about half the cards might help.While I've always loved Ravensburger's quality (and this product is no exception in terms of durability), it seems that Ravensburger has ben pulling some half-baked products out of their idea oven lately.  This game is based on a very clever concent and it definitely has potential, but it needs some more tweaking and testing to perfect the execution and make it an enjoyable game.
"Ravensburger's Rivers, Roads and Rails game is simple matching game where players attempt to use all of their tiles by adding on to an ever-changing common network of tracks.  It's simple to learn - a basic combination of dominos and Uno - so even pre-k kids can pick up on the rules and get some practice matching patterns and orienting objects in ways that ""fit.""  However, older kids will pretty quickly pick up on the fact that games often end in tedium, with each player repeatedly heading to the draw pile hoping to find the lucky key to ending the game.  The enjoyment is in the building of complex swists, turns and intersections of tiles.The tiles themselves are of typical excellent Ravensburger quality.  I don't expect we'll see any bent corners or fuzzy edges even after lots of play.  The illustrated scenes on each tile are colorful and detailed - little ones in particular will find them very interesting to look at.Rivers, Roads and Rails is solidly-built game that kids pre-ka through early grades will enjoy, although the repeat value is likely hit-or-miss."
Rivers, Roads, and Rails is a terrific game for younger kids; a great alternative to the ever present Memory , Chutes and Ladders, and Candyland. Children need to build appropriate paths for different ways of navigation.As a veteran of MANY hours of playing boring games with children, I LIKED playing this one! It's creative, challenging on several levels, and can easily grow with your family.From now on, THIS game is my go-to Gramma gifting choice!
My boys (age 6,6, and 5) love this game.  It is lots of fun.  The whole family can play(dad and mom like it too).  It is a match game but it makes you think to come up with the correct tile to match up with the other pieces that have been played.  They figured out after the first game not to make a circle with the pieces but to make the game spread out so you dont block everyone from playing.  A very educational thinking game that is fun for the whole family and gets everyones brain going.
"My 8-year-old son is fairly analytical, so I thought he might like this game. I requested it and it arrived just before my sister-in-law came for a visit with her 7-year-old, 3-year-old, and 1-year-old daughters. We played this game many times, and it was a big hit with the kids -- specifically my son and her 3-year-old daughter. Both of us liked it a whole lot as well.The game has a bunch of square thick and sturdy cardboard tiles. Each has some combination of road, river, or rails on them -- 1, 2, or all 3. Players take turns matching them up, playing until the last tile is played. Sometimes you hit an end before that, so the player who has the fewest tiles is the winner. It's not really a competitive game, because everyone plays right until the end, and there isn't a clear winner. Generally I'm all for real competition, but this game was very entertaining. There is an option where you try to play to block the others and you play more tiles at once. My son and I will try that out sometime.The game is listed at taking around 30 minutes, and it definitely takes longer. When we played with 3 people, it was quite a long game. It actually went faster when we played with 5. But it's listed as 1 - 8, and my son even said, ""It takes a long time. I could play this by myself when I was really bored.""Very pleased with this game!"
This game is a classic in my family.  It was part of my childhood and now I play this newer version with my kids.  It is a very simple game, but is very fun for both the kids and adults.  I play this game with my 4 and 6 year old daughters and they both enjoy it and can play without assistance.  I would recommend this to any family to add to their game collection.
"Both my 6 and 4 year olds thought this game was pretty fun.  It was a little tough for the 4yo to grasp but, that is expected since the game is designed for 5+.  In fact, I have to admit that I thought the game was pretty fun.  For the time being the kids played it by just laying down the pieces they wanted or what they thought was ""neat"".  However, over time I think this game can provide some lessons in planning, thinking ahead, and strategy.  Once kids sort of got past just the novelty of the cards and their pictures, you can see them begin to plan ahead for the next move(s) and begin to develop a strategy to play.  It is a fun game.  The kids enjoyed it and us parents enjoyed it.  Be warned, you are on the floor playing this game and it can take a lot of space."
This is a matching game.  Not a memory or strategy game. There are 140 pieces consiting of different scenes containg rivers, roads and rails.  Each player takes 10 pieces to start places them face up in front of them.  The rest are face down in the box top to choose from. Play starts by taking one piece from the pile.  The youngest player goes first and tried to match any of their 10 pieces to the starting piece. The rivers, roads and rails are matched to form continual lines with cute sceneries, like a football stadium or factories. After eah piece is played, the player takes another piece from the box , always having 10 cards in your pile. At first it's adorable, and fun to watch the children get excited over the matched pieces, but play becomes monotonous.  My son deviated from the rules and built his own towns.
"Don't let the ""5+"" on the box or the brand name fool you - this game may be kid-friendly and my six-year old loves it, but it is *not* a kid's game.  The rules are easy to learn but the basic game is capable of great strategic subtlety and nuance. {There are actually two other shorter versions which we haven't played yet but they look neat too.]The premise of the basic game is quite simple: each card has a river, a road, or a railroad track, or some combination of the three, and the players take turns extending the network out from the starting piece.  The catch is that the tiles are constantly shifting - some curve, others are straight; in some the same modality/ies (rail, river, and/or road) enter/s and leave/s unaltered, whereas in many others the modalities change mid-tile, e.g. rail coming in and road and river coming out or many other combinations; in a rare few tiles, one of the modalities splits off, e.g. all three go in together, but the rail and river go straight across while the road curves to the side, effectively splitting the network into two.A few issues you may want to be aware of, gameplay-wise (each of which can be remedied in some ways by a house variant):1)  As designed, this game is not meant for table-tops.  Networks shaped from 140 tiles have the potential to be quite sprawling.  If you absolutely must keep the game on a table, simply declare the edge of the table to be the edge of the allowable playing area.2)  In its canonical form, the game may take quite some time, as it doesn't end until the players have drawn all 140 tiles.  Our house solution has been to draw and play tiles as if they wereUnocards - that is, if you can play with the tiles you have, you play without drawing, and the first player to play his or her last tile wins regardless of how many tiles are left to draw.3)  The tiles are made of thick cardboard, no doubt as a concession to cost (i.e., much cheaper than painting the pictures directly on plastic, let alone stones).  That means, however, that the game is extremely vulnerable to spills, floods, and chewing (whether by kids or pets).  This is especially true because while some pieces are duplicated (typically the uneventful straight and curved tiles where the same modalities enter and leave together), there are a lot that are not, and whose absence can significantly affect game play in the long run.As a final, really minor and nitpicky observation, I would say that the folks at Ravensburger tested this game well enough to realize that it was fun but I'm not sure they tested it well enough to know for sure whether the distribution of tiles lent itself to the ideal game balance.  I haven't investigated this with total rigor, but in the games I've played with my family, I've already come across a number of situations where a specific tile could be played to join two existing strands, but I wasn't sure the tile existed even though there was no apparent reason for it not to.  These situations are thankfully quite rare, and I only raise this as a tribute to the quality of the game that the designers got an excellent concept to 95-99%.All in all, I can see us happily playing this game for years, at least as long as the tiles hold up.  Two very happy thumbs up!Please feel free to ask me any questions, and I'd love to hear about your experiences playing this game as well."
We gave this game a few different tries with our 6 and 8 year old boys.  Our boys love trains, so we thought that would be a good selling point with them.  The first time we tried, the middle child (the 6 year old) just got up and walked away.  He said he was bored.  I thought maybe we just picked something too calm when they were too wound up.  We tried again on a rainy weekend day and more or less got the same reaction.  I tried again when everyone was home from school sick and the boys said they'd rather stay in bed than play.  I think it has a fun concept, but for our boys, there just wasn't enough to hold their attention.  They'll play Trouble, Sorry, Monopoly Jr., and other games, but this one just doesn't do it for us.
I'm a big fan of Ravensburger games and my son LOVES transportation-themed things so I jumped on the chance to get this. My son is only three however he's played lots of games before and the general concept of the game is easy.The things I like about this game are that it's easy to learn, and the little tile pieces are really cute. They're each unique and the doodles get us to talk about what's happening. The pieces are sturdy and the game, in general, is well made.The only downside is the actual game play itself. If we're just doing it collaboratively and not following directions than it can be fun. But if you follow directions, it can be frustrating because sometimes, there's only a few pieces that will work and the game devolves into drawing tiles ad nauseam until you finally get the one you need. Also, there are A LOT of tiles. This is good for variety but bad when you keep finding tiles under the bed and in the laundry basket. Another thing to note is you need a large space to play this game. I used our dining table, which seats 12, and that wasn't big enough. We wound up playing on the floor, which my son actually liked.So in all, it's a good game but you should ditch the rules, turn all the tiles face-up and just play collaboratively and it'll be more fun.
"Years ago, we picked up a Ravensburger game at a yard sale called ""Madeline's House."" It comes with cards that you insert on the board to create a path to the attic. My daughter, at 9, should have outgrown this game long ago, but she is fascinated with the number of options you can create.When I saw Rivers, Roads, and Rails listed, I knew it would be exactly her cup of tea. As other reviewers note, you may end up ignoring some of the rules and creating your own game, but in our minds, so much the better. You'll be getting your child away from a screen and opening his or her mind---priceless. Excellent option for all those future engineers, and just anyone who likes to spend time as a family planning out strategies and having fun.This would also make a great birthday party gift for those kids who seem to have it all. Planning to buy several more!"
I love this game I played it with my 5 year old great grandson and he loved it. I was growing tired of playing the other pre school games but this was different and he loved the idea of building onto his pieces. great little game :)
My children love the Snail's Pace race from Ravensburger so I thought that they might like this game as well.  But to be honest, this isn't as entertaining as Snail's Pace.First off,the instructions are a little vague.  I am not sure if we are allowed to line the cards up so that the roads touch or the train tracks touch or the waterways touch, but not aligned perfectly.  In other words, can they be offset?  If not then it seriously restricts the game, if so then it gets messy very quickly.Second, when playing (we decided that you could offset the cards) it quickly becomes dull as each player adds their card (and takes another from the stack) to make the roadways or train tracks longer.  We couldn't figure out what was supposed to make it exciting or challenging.  Perhaps if we had played the other way it would have been better - but it didn't look like it.Honestly, we just haven't warmed up to this game.One positive is that there are several ways to play, so we will try some of the alternative methods and see if they make the game better.  But for now, I have to say that there are better choices for board games for your kids.  One that we REALLY like isRichard Scarry Busy Townwhich has really interesting gameplay and even a team effort at the end.  I do not believe in everyone winning, but this game has a clever way of taking some of the competition down a notch at the end, which is a good thing when you have smaller children playing.Obviously board games are a very subjective product and what didn't work for us, might work fine for you.  We found the instructions vague and gameplay a bit boring or tedious at times so this one wasn't for our family.
"I'm going to let my 9-year-old playing partner explain this one:  ""The object of the game is to get rid of all your pieces, using your mind to think about where to put them.  There are roads, rails, and rivers on each card.  Some have one of the roads, rails, or rivers.  Some of [the cards] have two and three of each.  You have to connect your cards with others that match, making the paths longer and longer.""Sound easy?  Sometimes it is.  Sometimes it's maddeningly arduous.  ""You get really frustrated because you can't find the right pieces to connect.  Once, we just turned over ALL the cards trying to find ONE match,"" said the kid player (who is seconded by the adult author).  There is a surprising amount of variety among the pieces, making matching not as simple as it sounds.  ""It would really lose the attention of someone younger than 6, 'cause it's so difficult,"" said my 9-year-old when asked about the age appropriateness.  ""It really should be for 8-and-up.""The game needs to be played on a LARGE table, as the cards spread out quickly and need to stay in place (laying on the carpeted floor is out) so the pipelines remain connected.  It's exceptionally difficult to reposition the play pieces once you've begun your game, but you'll probably find yourself running out of table space if you're using anything less than a dining room-sized surface.  (A card table would be too small.)It's still fun.  The logic and puzzle-solving needed to succeed are fun to engage, and will keep your older kids and adult players equally challenged and stimulated.  One nice aspect of this game is you can choose to play either collaboratively or competitively.  Every time we've played, we found the challenge of keeping our pathways growing hard enough that we chose to work together for success.  You can also play this game solo.If you enjoy this type of game, the replay value would be nearly endless, as each game is destined to play out uniquely.Gamewright Hisss Card Gameis a similar game but more appropriate for pre-school or early elementary-aged gamers, and to be honest, we find it much less frustrating and therefore we played it more frequently.Overall, we enjoy RIVERS, ROADS, and RAILS.  We hope that with additional plays we'll find it less arduous and therefore more fun.  If you're up for a challenging tile-matching game that offers great replay value, you'll probably enjoy RIVERS, ROADS, and RAILS."
I selected this game for my 2 youngest children, ages 9 and 11 and they did not like it at all.  They told me that the pieces did not connect very well, some of the pieces were missing and the concept was boring. The graphics on game pieces were also bland and uninteresting to them. I would not recommend this game to others if you wanted to play it as intended.
This game has been around since I was a child and holds much of the same timelessness as Candyland in my book. But unlike Candyland, Rivers Roads and Rails is fun for all ages and each game is different.I was so thrilled to see it on Amazon and ordered it to play with my three sons, ages 5 to 10.The play of the game is very simple: there are dozens of square pieces and each one has a picture on it, containing either a river, road, rail or any combination of the three. You place all the squares facedown in the box, and each player draws ten squares, flipping them faceup in front of them. There will be one starting square placed in the middle, and on each person's turn you choose one of your tiles to match up with the main square, building an ever-growing maze of (you guessed it) rivers, roads and rails. When all the tiles are gone, whoever has used up the most of their pieces wins. It doesn't require a lot of strategy, since the pieces you have are luck of the draw, but figuring out which pieces to play can sometimes be tricky.As a parent, I love that I can play this game with the kids and actually enjoy myself, but what I appreciate even more is that they can play it on their own and enjoy it just as much. My 8 and 10-year-old sons especially do well with it, but the 5-year-old is able to play too without slowing them down too much. The instructions include a few different variations on the rules so you can change the game up, and the best part is it can even be played by only one child, like a game of solitaire. During quiet time in the afternoon my 8-year-old likes to take the game and see how big of a game he can create all by himself.The only downside to this game is that it can take up a lot of table/floor real-estate. If we had wood floors it would be less of an issue because we could just spread out in the livingroom, but playing on carpet is harder because the pieces can't lay flat and don't stay lined up as well. This is a great game for playing at home, but not one that I would bring along on a camping trip, simply because it takes room to play it.All in all, this is a fun family game that I enjoyed as a child and that my kids are still enjoying today. I'm a fan.
"Positives:- Parent's Choice Gold Award (the nation's oldest nonprofit guide to quality children's media and toys)- 2011 Preferred Choice Award - Creative Child Magazine-Recommended age: 5+-Size: 13.25"" x 9"" x 2.25""  (but leave a large area when you play it!)-Expected play time: 30 minutes-Number of players: 1 to 8Our family has a lot of respect for Ravensburger games.  Ravensburger is a German company that has won many awards for its puzzles, games, and children's books.  This game is very reminiscent of our favorite, Carcassonne, by Rio Grande Games (another household favorite).  Then I had to look this up because I had remembered a game like this from when I was young - and sure enough it was published in 1969 by James Galt and Company and again in 1970 as ""Connect"" by Ravensburger.  It was re-released in 1984 as Rivers, Roads, and Rails, so clearly Carcassonne came much later (released in 2000) and may have been influenced by this game.While the original Connect was super boring in appearance, it had colored lines (red, blue, black) representing the rivers, roads, and railways, this one does have actual tangles of rivers, roads, and railways, but it's not the best artwork in the world.  But the artwork isn't necessarily important...the gameplay is.  And I think your enjoyment of the gameplay is going to hinge on the age of those playing the game.Our son is 4 and he got disinterested very quickly when he had turns in which he didn't lay a tile.  We tried to play the first game through and we just couldn't...he was unhappy ""missing"" turns because he didn't have a tile that connected to the main board and we quickly realized that this was a ""play til every tile is placed"" game instead of a ""winner is the first to run out of tiles"" game.  We just can't spend 30 minutes on a game with our 4 year old.We made up some variants, the one we liked best was giving a range of tiles and working it as a ""first to run out of tiles"" game.  We didn't go with any of the variations on the rules sheet (which was an 8 x 10 piece of regular thin paper, folded), and instead went to the Board Game Geek website and looked at some alternate suggestions from other families.In the end, though, we realized that we'd rather take out our Carcassonne tiles and play a variant with our son, since those tiles are prettier and MUCH more commonly match up.  That's not to say that we won't love to play this game when he is too old for the Carcassonne variant and too young for the real Carcassonne."
Have you heard of Carcassonne?  A clever tile laying game for a medieval French town, this game Rivers, Roads and Rails is similar- but easily played by younger children. Because it is so similar it makes a great game for older and younger people to play together.Geared toward 5 year old and up, Rivers, Roads and Rails has140 brightly illustrated and durable cards.Every player starts with ten cards face up and one starting card in the middle.Players take turns placing cards that match up with a river, road or rail on the game; all the while trying to make road blocks for the other players.The game ends when there are no more matches or all cards have been played. The winner has the least number of cards left. This is great to set up for the younger children while older children and adults are playing Carcassonne or Settlers of Catan.
A spin on dominoes, this game has you line up river, railroad, and streets. My 8 yr old and I had fun playing this game together, and I think all ages might enjoy it. It's pretty simple to play but challenging at times.
"This game was not fun.  A mere 17 cards into the game, making ordinary matches according to the instructions, we found ourselves in an impossible situation, that we did not realize was impossible until we had drawn and examined every card in the deck.  The rules do say that it is illegal to play any card that will result in an inability to continue, but there was nothing intrinsically impossible with the situation we found ourselves in, except that the designers did not happen to have made the kind of card we needed (river on one corner, railroad on the other side).  How were we supposed to know?  So basically we ended up very frustrated and with a growing, huge pile of cards in front of us, only realizing after all the cards were drawn that the play, in retrospect, had been an illegal move.  So what to do?  Put all the cards back?  It was just weird and not fun, and on top of that, is pretty much all luck.If you are familiar with Carcassonne, you know they solve the matching problem in two ways--first, they just seem to have a greater variety of curving, assorted, pathways that make up for odd junctions you might create, and second, they allow you to add a tile ""field to field"" so that you can, if necessary, just begin a new pathway if you get stuck.  This game doesn't allow that, and in fact it would be nonsensical if it did, since the point of the game is to be able to lay down all one's tiles first.  The designers of this game don't seem to have played it enough to realize the kinds of card varieties that would be needed to prevent impossible situations.As for ditching the rules to just have fun putting down tiles, well, I guess in theory that could be ok, although neither my preschooler nor my first grader had any interest in playing with the tiles in that way.  I'll try another time.  Perhaps my preschooler is not quite old enough and my first grader too old for that kind of fun.  If your child is in that perfect age for that sort of activity, I guess this could be a good set to get.Otherwise--blech.  Just not a great game, even accounting for the fact that it's intended for the youngest players."
I have yet to try a Ravensburger product that I don't like.  Ravensburger makes high quality products that are sturdy, have great pictures, and are fun.  This product has 140 tiles and is designed for one (1) to eight (8) players.  It is played in the following way: one card is put in the center and then each player draws ten cards and places them out so that everyone can see them.  The players each take turns by picking any one of their cards and linking them to another card on the field to create a network of train tracks, road, and rivers.  Ravensburger advertises this gave for children at least five (5) years old.  I think, though, that it is probably better enjoyed by children at least 6 (years) old.I highly recommend this game, as it is great for any family and even the adults will have fun with it.
