Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
This is not a game you can just pop out of the box and being playing in five minutes.  There is a great deal of set up involved and the first time you play, make sure to allot plenty of time as it will take some adjustment.  We are big fans of Settlers of Catan, and this game is reminiscent of it, not only in educational value but also in the method of game play.  You have to work at resource allocation, planning out your strategy, and above all keeping track of what everyone else is doing.The game does have many small parts, so it is necessary to make sure that small children and pets do not have access to your game play area.  After we played, I made sure to collect all the pieces into a storage bag so that we would not lose any.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.1270514875650406,0.14429521560668945,0.12348105758428574,0.1434098780155182,0.17383234202861786,0.14411821961402893,0.14381180703639984
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
I have positive and negative aspects of this game. First of all, it is a complicated game. The instructions really could use some consolidation. The scoring is fairly complicated. However, the game was enjoyed by those who played it. We like the fact that it has a definite ending to it so that you know basically how long you will play and the game doesn't continue forever. Set up shouldn't be attempted until you have read through the instructions as least twice and game play should not be started until you've read through the instructions two more times. Set up itself is time consuming because you have to separate all the little pieces. The box should have better storage to keep the pieces separated and ready to play. There are a number of small pieces and they can get lost easily. In the end, the game really is no harder to play than Risk which is used and loved by tons of people. So, if you get the game, make sure you read the instructions thoroughly and keep them handy while playing.This game was received for free from the Amazon Vine program. I was not required to write a positive review. All opinions are my own.
Raavensburger is responsible for quality puzzles and games.Not a mass market product that appeal to everyone, they are unique in concept and design.Castles of Burgundy was a challenge to set up.  This was the first time playing a game along this line, and the youngsters awaiting completion of set up and direction were enthusiastic.The process of the game itself offers an intelligent venture, not for the distractable for sure.It is a wonderful opportunity for young almost teens to do some quality game playing, while learning at the same time.Will update this review, as we continue to play.  It's long lasting appeal and interest will serve to earn five stars.
Our family has a passion for some of the more niche board games, and we have a pretty prodigious collection.  While we do enjoy the old standbys like Sorry, we're always on the hunt for interesting new games that, while maybe complicated to learn, will offer us many years of intriguing gameplay.  We also like games that are very well made, unlike most of the highly commercial, flimsy products on the market.  I'm happy to say that The Castles of Burgundy fits both of those requirements.First off, the game is very high quality, as is typical of Ravensburger games in general.  We own several Ravensburger games and have given some away as gifts, and everyone who's played them remarks on the quality.  The game board is a nice, thick cardboard as are the various tiles used in the game.  The markers are wooden, which always impresses me.  I really like my games to have a minimum of plastic whenever possible.  Overall, this game should wear very well.I will admit that the first time we played, we were a bit intimidated.  However, we're fans of games like Carcassonne and The Settlers of Catan, both of which are a little confusing on first play.  Castles consists of five phases of five rounds so, though it took a while to set up and figure out the initial aspects of play, by about the third or fourth round of the first phase, we began to get the hang of the game and, once we did, it really took off from there.There were three of us playing: myself, my husband, and my eight-year-old daughter, who enjoys the more challenging and strategic board games.  All three of us loved the game right from our first time playing.  My daughter loved it so much, in fact, that she kept begging us to play it again.  Our initial game was on a weekend night and we let her stay up late to play.  Our second game took place on a weeknight and, again, she was up a little past her bedtime so we could finish.  In other words, this isn't a quick game.However, it's a great deal of fun and will appeal to a variety of styles as there's no one strategy that guarantees a win.  The basic premise is that you have an estate and, by adding various assets to your estate, you try to win the most victory points, which results in winning the game.  Victory points are earned in a variety of ways: whenever you add a farm to your estate, you get points for each animal; if you add knowledge tiles to your estate, they earn you various bonuses; etc.  Each turn consists of rolling two dice, which you then use to carry out one of four actions: taking a new tile, placing a tile, adding workers to your estate, or selling goods.This is a very cerebral game in that you need to pay attention to what other players are doing while also mapping out various scenarios in your head to try to determine what your next actions should be.  My daughter fared very well against me and my husband, though she didn't win either game.  Still, after a very few pointers from us, she soon figured out how to strategize and she surprised us both with some of her approaches.I'm very impressed with this game and it's an excellent addition to our collection.  It's one of the most fun games I've played in a long time and it definitely holds its own against some of the very superior European strategy games.  Honestly, just writing this review has given me a hankering to pull the game out and give it another go with the family tonight.
I found this game very difficult to learn how to play. It is very complicated. I read through the rules several times and went through a dry run by myself. I think that I understand enough to play it, but when I tried to recruit other people they were put off by the complexity. Unfortunately I have yet to play a game because I can't get anyone to play it with me.
This is not a game you can just pop out of the box and being playing in five minutes.  There is a great deal of set up involved and the first time you play, make sure to allot plenty of time as it will take some adjustment.  We are big fans of Settlers of Catan, and this game is reminiscent of it, not only in educational value but also in the method of game play.  You have to work at resource allocation, planning out your strategy, and above all keeping track of what everyone else is doing.The game does have many small parts, so it is necessary to make sure that small children and pets do not have access to your game play area.  After we played, I made sure to collect all the pieces into a storage bag so that we would not lose any.
As other reviewers have noted, this game is not designed for those who are looking to get this out, set it up the first time and play it in half an hour. This game has a lot going on- hundreds of small pieces and 10 or so types of pieces. Learning what each one does and how the game proceeds does take some time and effort. Some have recommended reading through the instructions several times before trying to play- I think this depends on your personality type. I found that a trial run with instructions in hand worked well for me to pick up on the mechanics of the game.CATAN Lovers: I love Catan. I own Castles and Knights, I own Seafarers, I own expansion packs for all three. I felt these were necessary because you can only collect 10 victory points in the original game so many times before a new challenge feels necessary. Castles of Burgundy has the following advantages over Catan:1. Throughout this game you are collecting hundreds of points. It gives you the feel that things are moving a little faster/ there is more hope than in Catan. There are more ways to get points, more strategy is involved- less luck in the roll of the dice.2. The game is longer. Once you are proficient at Catan it becomes necessary to play 2-4 times before you are satisfied. I would have loved to have played Castles of Burgundy twice in a row, but alas, we started at midnight and had to get up early.3. The game moves along at a quicker pace than Catan. This is still a strategy game, your gameplay will be slowed by people thinking about what to do next. However, you will not go around the board time and again waiting for something to happen. You have more options and more control over your die roll in this game.4. Predictable game duration. Sometimes when you sit down to play Catan the die rolls just right for someone and you are finished in 15 minutes. Other times the board and luck are unfavorable and you sit there desperately trying to collect enough wood to build the longest road and FINALLY win the game. Castles of Burgundy is made up of 25 rounds of play, highest score wins. Knowing this, if you need a shorter game you can plan to play 5 or 10 rounds, knowing of course that this MUST change your strategy.Similiarity to Catan:My wife was irritated that Castles of Burgundy seems to be marketed to Catan players, but isn't terribly similar. This is what it has in common:1. Die driven game.2. Hex shaped tiles.3. Sheep.4. Victory Points.5. Dynamic playing field. (i.e. different each time you play)6. Long and thorough instruction book.Differences from Catan:1. Master board and individual player boards.2. Dice used individually.3. No cards.4. No roads/settlements/resources/armies/water etc. Castles of Burgundy has a completely unique set-up and game play.Review of the game on its merits- Catan aside:I love this game. I can't wait to play it again. Important: the box says 30-90 minutes to play. I can totally see a quick 45-60 minute game, but I think 30 minutes is unrealistic, even for seasoned players who know what everything does. 30 minutes allows only slightly more than a minute per round- no planning time. I would think 60-90 minutes would be a typical run time, but please plan a good 2-3 hours for your first and second experiences- you will be referring to the instruction manual continually until you are familiar with all the elements of the game.Next, I have to say that in spite of the learning curve and complexity of the game, whoever made this was totally ocd and once you are familiar with how everything works/ what the pictures mean, you won't need the instruction guide anymore. Your individual playing board has all the instructions included, albeit in cryptic picture form.If you enjoy games like Catan and Risk, add this one to your collection. I can't wait to have another go at it!
I obtained this game thinking my children would like it.  Well, they kinda like it, but none of them has asked to play it again.  It really is a bit slow-paced.  And the rules take too long to learn unless you are really, really interested.It's an okay game, but I wouldn't call it great.
