Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
In these days of ever-increasing technology, it is never too early to start teaching hand-eye coordination.  These bright and visually pleasing puzzles do just that!  Four puzzles are packaged in the same box; but they are not hard to tell apart because each has its own colorful border.  The puzzle pieces are made of a high quality cardboard, so supervision is advisable to keep the pieces from getting damaged in the mouths of children.  The pieces are large enough to not present a tremendous choking hazard, but you can never be too careful.  The puzzles feel so much more 'authentic' than many of the plastic puzzles designed for younger children.  Of course, the puzzles are manufactured by Ravensburger which is a age-old and respected puzzle company.  The pieces fit together as near to perfection as you could possibly expect.  The puzzles are appropriately challenging for young minds, yet not challenging enough to cause frustration.  I believe if you spend the time to build the puzzles with your child just a couple of times, they are going to master the skill and start wanting to put them together by themselves.  The puzzles are similar but have a slightly different number of pieces each.Thomas 16Charlie 14James 12Percy 10I believe your child will truly enjoy building these puzzles while learning at the same time.  ENJOY!

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.028174644336104393,0.026729607954621315,0.027317510917782784,0.02598218433558941,0.028105594217777252,0.02815532684326172,0.026834582909941673,0.027713092043995857,0.027559572830796242,0.0266809593886137,0.027936702594161034,0.027416549623012543,0.028112580999732018,0.028516890481114388,0.028420211747288704,0.027447091415524483,0.029050104320049286,0.0269265528768301,0.02768523432314396,0.030318638309836388,0.028315048664808273,0.02832307666540146,0.02678241953253746,0.028757533058524132,0.027654798701405525,0.027026623487472534,0.026124807074666023,0.02761649340391159,0.027690446004271507,0.02704564295709133,0.02689208835363388,0.027179153636097908,0.029272953048348427,0.028431477025151253,0.03068263828754425,0.02712111361324787
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
I wasn't quite sure what to expect from this puzzle, but it turned out cute and fun.  It's actually four separate puzzles to make four separate trains.  Each train has a different perimeter color, so you can easily sort out the pieces.  Or if you want to challenge your children more, mix them all up and have them sort out the pieces.The puzzle seems durable and strong.  Colors are bright and fun.  The package recommends this for ages 3 and up, and I would agree.  It's somewhat of an intermediate toddler puzzle--a step up from the first wooden block puzzles, but still not too difficult.Thomas the Train fans will love it!
Our daughter has been really enjoying this set of 4 puzzles.  The nice thing for us is that the pieces do seem to be pretty durable.  Obviously kids can destroy almost anything, so it's still good to keep an eye out, but they are pretty large and sturdy and are not going to bend or break easily.  The pieces for the different puzzles also have different color outlines, so that makes it easier to tell which puzzle is which should they get mixed up.  Jigsaw puzzles are good for both cognitive and fine motor skills, so I feel good about her playing with this (and the Thomas characters are pretty good too).  I would definitely recommend this if you are looking for puzzles for your toddler.
These puzzles are wonderful.  Four puzzles all in one box.  You can seperate them for younger kids and mix them up for a bigger challenge.  The pieces are all nice and sturdy so they fit together well and you can even use them on carpet.
Kids love puzzles and the Ravensburger Thomas and Friends puzzle is a good set of puzzles to test your child's skill level and challenge him/her to take on more. The box includes four separate puzzles- one of Thomas and one of each of three of Thomas' friends. The puzzles are 10, 12, 14, and 16 pieces and the set is designed for kids age three and up, even though some slightly younger children may also like it and be able to put at least one of the puzzles together.Lots of manufacturers make puzzles but what I like about this set is that it contains four different puzzles in a single package. This is good when you have more than one child and each wants to assemble his/her own puzzle. The other thing I like is that each puzzle has a different number of pieces and thus, as you increase in the number of pieces, the puzzles become slightly more challenging. This is great for the youngsters because, once they learn the easiest, ten piece puzzle, they can then challenge themselves with the next one, and then the next, all the way up to four puzzles.Ravensburger makes quality products and this one is no exception. The puzzle pieces are sturdy, interlock well, and are made to last. I don't have any quality issues with this puzzle at all, but one issue that could be a problem for some is storage. The pieces are likely to be thrown together in the box when the puzzles are completed, and that means the pieces will be mixed together, forcing a parent or older child to separate them out the next time around. It has been suggested that consumers should use four small, plastic bags to separate the puzzle pieces for storage purposes and I agree that this is a good idea.Kids love puzzles and most kids love Thomas the Train and his buddies, so a puzzle set like this is bound to be a hit with the majority of youngsters. It makes a very good birthday present for Thomas fans and  with four separate puzzles in one box, there are many challenges waiting to be faced by toddlers as they learn coordination and other important skills that puzzle assembly is known to teach.
The good: Great quality for a cardboard puzzle.  If your child is a Thomas and Friends fan, he/she will love it.  My 2 & 3 year olds are in love with Thomas.  The borders are color coded so you know which engine is which.  The puzzles get slightly more difficult based on the number of pieces.  So it should keep boredom at bay for a little while anyway.The bad: I think this should really be 4+.  My 3 yeard old had some diffiuclty/frustration with it.  Second, the puzzles are not packaged separately. My obsessively clean and organized wife would have liked that.Overall, I recommend this for your kids, grandkids, or for a gift.
Puzzles make wonderful toys for kids.  They help hand-eye coordination, kids learn concentration and the lesson that smaller pieces of something make a bigger picture.  The Ravensburger Thomas and Friends is a great gift for kids.  The set contains 4 separate puzzles with large pieces for little hands.  The colors are bright and vivid and the pictures very clear and straightforward. The set might not be challenging enough for over the age of 3 or so. I like that there are 4 puzzles in this one set.  My only complaint is that MSR is $22, although much less here at Amazon, I think it might be a little high for 4 puzzles that contain 12 to 16 pieces each.  If you are stumped for a gift for a nursery schooler, this set would really be a great purchase.
My three year old Grandson loves Thomas the Train, so choosing this puzzle was easy.  After having recently put together another Ravensburger puzzle, I expected this to be of the same quality and it was. The pieces are very solid, colorful and with clean edges.  I think my favorite thing about this puzzle is that each one has a different amount of pieces, which can be good for different ages.  At three our grandson was used to the size of the 10 and 12 piece puzzles and he was able to complete those on his own.  The 14 and 16 piece puzzles were slightly more difficult, but with a little encouragement he was able to complete them too.  I love having toys like this around our home instead of video games or the like.  Puzzles not only challenge a childs mind, improve hand eye coordination and help problem solving skills; they also don't go out of style.  Definitely a five star item!
Love the new Thomas and Friends puzzle 4-pack.The set includes 4 different puzzles all in one puzzle box. The pieces are large and thick so they are perfect for preschoolers and kindergarten age.We sorted the puzzles out by the different color frame around each. Then both my boys started working the puzzles. My 6-year old had no problem at all. My 5-year old did his with just a little help from big brother.They loved them. The pieces were easy to work and the usual shape of the puzzles added interest. They loved working them and then reading the names at the top.Big hit and recommend!
"Ravensburger, a well known German manufacturer of jigsaw puzzles, games, and toys has been in business for over 120 years.  My four years old nephew, who enjoys watching the ""Thomas & Friends"" TV series, was very eager to give these puzzles a try.Likes:>Four large shaped puzzles featuring friendly train characters Percy, James, Charlie, and Thomas for a total of 52 pieces for kids to assemble.>Help young children develop hand-eye coordination and fine motor control.>Teaches sorting and association using colors, letters, and designs of the four different puzzles.>Young children learn patience and perseverance to complete the puzzles.>Can be played individually or shared with siblings/friends.>Puzzle piece are precision cut so they fit together with a soft snap.>Fairly durable pieces made from recycled cardboard.>Affordable price at $18.40 with free shipping from Amazon vendor.Slight Dislikes:>Even with all 52 pieces mixed together, it wasn't overly challenging for my four years old nephew to sort and complete the puzzles.>Traditional jigsaw puzzles may have questionable repeat playing value with today's tech savvy young children.>May not be durable enough to withstand repeated play or kids that are rough with their toys.Bottom Line:A fun set of traditional, colorful, and educational puzzles featuring the popular ""Thomas & Friends"" characters that most younger children will enjoy piecing together; keeping them blissfully quiet and occupied for a while."
"Ravensburger's ""Thomas & Friends - 4 Friends"" is a wonderful set of four different puzzles, of varying difficulty, which toddlers may enjoy assembling.  Thomas the Train and his friends are familiar characters for most children; they should have fun putting them together.These puzzles are sturdy and the picture is firmly attached so that little ones will have quite a bit of difficulty if they are prone to ""peeling"" items apart.  The die-cuts are smooth which allows for easy assembly.  Pieces fit together well.  They are not so tight that a child will become frustrated, nor so loose that the puzzle will fall apart if jostled slightly.  Even the box Ravensberger has used for these puzzles is more sturdy than boxes used by other puzzle producers.Each of the four puzzles - 10, 12, 14, and 16 pieces - is bordered in a different color.  This allows you to have the child sort the puzzles by having them identify the differences and move the pieces into separate piles before beginning to solve the puzzles.  Mixing multiple puzzles together helps develop your little one's ability to solve larger problems by teaching them to break those problems into smaller increments.Although recommended for ages 3 - 6 years, I think younger children with whom an adult is ""playing"" can enjoy Ravensburger's ""Thomas & Friends - 4 Friends.""  I question whether children at the upper end of the age range would find these more simple puzzles much of a challenge.  For those older children, I would recommend choosing some of the Ravensberger puzzles that consist of a greater number of pieces. Ravensberger's ""Thomas & Friends - 4 Friends"" is definitely a 5 star toy - not only for its fun factor, but also for its durability and its educational value."
This is a great puzzle set for your preschooler who loves Thomas!  There are four separate puzzles in the box, each about a foot long.  The puzzles pieces are big and easy to grab for small hands.  They are pretty sturdy, not impervious to bending- obviously those determined toddlers will be able to bend them, so keep that in mind.  I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the puzzle, both of the pieces and of the box that it came in!  The box is pretty sturdy too, no cheap cardboard here.  I would definitely get this if you have a preschooler who loves Thomas.  This was a really nice set!
This box contains 4 puzzles in one box. They are thick and durable. The colors are bright and the trains are recognizable by just about every child, who does not know Thomas the Train? I took this into our local child care center and the kids are still enjoying them. So far no creases and no bite marks!
I suppose with a product like this one, the best review comes from your kids who decide whether they like it or not...and based on that criteria, this puzzle is a hit. It's great that there are actually four individual puzzles included with slightly differing levels of difficulty (they range in piece count from 10 to 16 pieces). Also, we've found that you can separate the pieces of each individual puzzle (to make it easier) or you can leave them all mixed up together (to make it more difficult) for your child.Obviously when you're dealing with small kids, they're not the most gentle/careful in putting pieces together, but the puzzles have held up great - no peeling or breaking - and the pieces stay together quite well.This is a great puzzle for kids, a good next level of puzzles after chunky wooden puzzles - definitely recommended.
"I got this set for my 30 months old son who loves Thomas and friends. He was very excited about the puzzle. I sorted out the puzzle pieces for him, and helped him to solve the puzzles, they are just a little bit too hard for him to solve on his own, so far he could only managed to solve as big as 6-piece puzzle. All the pieces have unique shape, and you cannot fit together two pieces if they aren't supposed to fit. Most of the pieces are ""border"" pieces, with just a few ""inside"" pieces, so it is easier to solve. The puzzle is printed on matte textured cardstock to minimize glare, and the pieces are thick enough and fit well enough for a child to build it on the carpeted floor, and you can even carefully lift the completed puzzle without it falling apart.My son loved it, we did all four puzzles several times already. My only suggestion for improvement would be putting some kind of dividers in the box to separate pieces for different characters. I am going to make a divider out of some corrugated cardboard."
"My grandson is a Thomas the Train fanatic, and he had a BALL with these puzzles! He is 5 years old and although some of these were really easy, it was still exciting for him to put them together and see his favorite train ""friends"". The pieces are big enough for a toddler or preschooler, but not so simple as to be boring. He loves the bright colors and pulls these out almost daily."
Our two year old and 5 year old seem to enjoy playing with it. It's a four puzzle set of large-pieced puzzles. Other than the brand name, there is nothing really special about it. The sizes are appropriate for young children, but it's still a cardboard puzzle, so expect pieces to get mangled by impatient or teething children.
My 27mo son LOVED, LOVED, LOVED working these puzzles with me.It so happens that of the few Thomas trains we have (in various incarnations of Duplo, wooden, and battery-powered) we happen to have each of these four trains. Once the puzzles were together we lined up the trains and he admired his handy work for a good long while.I have to put the puzzles out of sight or he begs to work them with me.He needs a LOT of help to complete them, but their size and shaping make learning the basics of puzzle making easy.Overall, fun for the little one and his mama!
When I received this puzzle I was very impressed with its high quality. The pieces (and the box, for that matter!) are very durable. The four puzzles are not too hard to put together but hard enough to challenge an intelligent preschooler. The puzzle has nice vivid colors and interesting-shaped pieces. Great toy! Highly recommended.
The puzzle pieces are good sizes for young kids. The graphics on them are also made of a material that feels uncommonly durable for puzzles, which I liked. The colors are bright and vibrant. The puzzles are not square, so this gives a new challenge to young children that have only done square puzzles. The only thing I didn't like about the puzzles is that there is no indicator on the back of the pieces to help quickly identify which puzzle of the 4 it goes to.The box could also use dividers for the separate puzzles as well. Overall it is a good product.
Our kids love Thomas and loved this puzzle pack which has four train different puzzles with very large pieces mixed together. All of the pieces (except one of Thomas' bumpers) were immediately identifiable by the border or train color and a 4 year old could sort the puzzles apart from one another. The pieces fit together well and have a nice hefty feel to them so that a 2-3 year old with minor supervision and maybe some help lining up the pieces could easily do the 10 and 12 count (Percy and James) puzzles on their own and a 4-5 year old would still enjoy completing the whole unsorted box. We previously bought theThomas and Friends My Size Puzzle 46 Pieceswhich was also a lot of fun, but required a much larger parental commitment (it's a bit too grand of a scale for a 3 and under to complete on their own) to getting it completed and more floor space.PROS:+ Big, sturdy pieces+ Easy enough for a small toddler to do one puzzle at a time+ Challenging enough for an older toddler/preschooler to complete the whole box+ Nice price range for giving as a birthday giftCONS:- Box has no compartments or bags for sorting, so that HAS to be done each time, or you could use quart sized storage bags.
"Too bad the two-year-old Thomas fan isn't quite ready to write this himself, because he is thrilled with this new toy.The Thomas fan is of course already familiar with the characters, and loves playing the Engine Puzzles on the Android Thomas Game Pack, so he eagerly separated the pieces by character/color, without much adult prompting.  When he started trying to force pieces together, as toddlers will, the puzzle pieces were sturdy enough to tolerate it.I know this set of puzzles will be a favorite because, this morning, he went to play with the puzzle, and not, as is usual, to find ""his"" Kindle. If it helps him develop manipulative skills in a way computer games can't, so much the better."
Ravensburger teams up with everyone's favorite tank engine and offers up four wonderful floor puzzles for youngsters and their parents to enjoy together.  I was offered these puzzles through the Amazon Vine Program and immediately snagged a set for my four year old son who absolutely loves Thomas The Tank Engine and puzzles.This was the first Ravensburger puzzle set that myself and my son have ever attempted to put together.  The puzzle pieces snapped together perfectly and all four of the puzzles had vibrant colors on them.  The puzzles increased in the number of pieces and difficulty.  Percy was the easiest puzzley to snap together at ten pieces.  James and Charlie were in the middle at twelve and fourteen pieces respectively.  Thomas clocked in with sixteen pieces.When my son and I opened the box, the first thing I noticed was that all of the pieces for all four puzzles were jumbled together.  In other words, you had to separate the puzzle pieces into their respective individual puzzles, which only added to the challenge for young minds.  My son loved this and spent just a couple of minutes dividing the pieces into their own piles.  In under twenty minutes he had all four puzzles put together, and then he asked me to join in on the fun with him and we broke the puzzles apart and started over.These four puzzles are the perfect gift for any child who loves Thomas, puzzles, or trains in general.  They are relatively easy to put together and are extremely well made.Highly recommended.
This is a great set of puzzles for a young Thomas fan. The quality stands out as being higher than what I'm used to in lower-priced children's puzzles, so this would make a nice gift.Our puzzle-worker is admittedly a few months younger than the recommended age of three, but as he's good at them, this set is perfect for him with adult interaction. The pieces are large enough that I can't imagine a possible choking hazard unless they were actually chewed long enough to come apart. It was an immediate hit because of the characters.I like that this set allows for some variety in difficulty to keep children challenged for longer. For a beginner, you can start them out with just the pieces for Percy (it's the easiest puzzle, with 10 pieces) and work up to James, Charlie and then Thomas. When doing the puzzles individually gets too easy, you can scramble all four puzzles together in the box so they'll need to be sorted before working. The background color of each engine is different, which provides a nice clue for separating.
"I gave this as a birthday gift to a co-worker's son (just turned 5 two weeks ago). This feedback is from his mom. ""Jacob loves this puzzle! Considering the puzzle comes in multiple sizes is great! It gives him a sense of accomplishment when he can work his way up to the larger sized puzzles. This is hours of fun for him and he plays very independently (which is great and gives me a rest from a very, very active child."" Needless to say, we highly recommend this innovative and challenging puzzle for the child in your family. Having it based on Thomas & Friends is just the icing on the cake!!!"
My son is a puzzle nut, so getting four puzzles in one box is a fun treat for him. These are pretty sturdy, not quite as tough as wooden, but more so than most puzzles we own. The pieces to all four puzzles are just thrown in the box, so I ended up taking a minute to sort them out into baggies for my younger kid, and I wish it had come with individual packages to begin with. These are fairly easy for my three year old to figure out and he does them over and over again so overall these puzzles were a hit.
My nephew LOVES these puzzles. He wasn't a Thomas the train Fan before, but he now is. The set comes w four puzzles. The pieces are larger than standard size, perfect for lil ones. The pieces feel sturdy, as sturdy as cardboard can be and I noticed no wear and tear on the first day he was playing w them. The pictures are bright and appealing.  The only thing I didn't like was there is no way to keep the different puzzles separate. I wish the box had compartments or dividers w a picture of each puzzle. It does make cleanup easier for kids, my nephew just throws all pieces in the box, BUT it makes it harder when doing a puzzle since the pieces are all mixed up. We solved this by putting each puzzle in a baggie. So slight parent annoyance factor but great fun for the kids.
It is easy to over-think some of these reviews.  This is a small set of Thomas the Train puzzles for very young children.  Can they be chewed up if you leave your teething infant alone with them?  Yes - don't do that.  Can they be broken or torn like any other puzzle if they are abused?  Yes, don't do that.More importantly, are they age appropriate and can young kids figure them out?  YES.  My three year old daughter LOVES puzzles and she loves this set of puzzles.  They are a pretty good value too - as you get FOUR puzzles for about the price of two puzzles in many cases.  And they are Thomas the Train puzzles.  Although it is far beyond my ability to comprehend why - young children love Thomas the Train, or at least my young children do, so they love this puzzle set.When you really boil it down, this is a very reasonably priced puzzle set that is based on a popular kids' tv show and seems to be age-appropriate.  My kids love it and it seems like a good value.  I would definitely recommend it if you need a ~$20 gift for a birthday party or if you know a child likes puzzles and/or Thomas the Train. It is a solid value.
My three year old LOVES this puzzle set! At first I was worried that he would have a hard time since all 4 puzzles were initially combined in the box, so we needed to separate them into sandwich bags. The puzzles are a little challenging for him since the pieces range from large to Jumbo pieces within the same puzzle. There are four separate puzzles, Percy, James, Charlie and Thomas that range from 10 to 16 pieces to complete. Most are curved since the outlines are more of a misshaped number 8 design. Bright and cheery design that will sure to be a hit with all preschools!
The box has four different puzzles in it, with slightly increasing difficulty as the number of pieces increases.  The puzzles are very easy to tell apart by looking at the colors of the frame so I wouldn't be concerned about all the pieces being mixed together.  Overall, the puzzle is high quality, but being made of cardboard-like material, there is a limit to its durability so you might have to supervise younger kids when they are playing with it or they just might destroy the pieces.  We have some of the Thomas books, so there was a very positive reaction to this set.  The excitement level was on the level of getting some chocolates, which actually surprised me a bit.
I received these puzzles for review from the Amazon Vine Program. My 20 year old son was a huge fan of Thomas the Tank Engine when he was little, so when my 4 year old grandson became a fan as well I was thrilled. The set, Thomas & Friends - 4 Friends (10, 12, 14, 16 PC Shaped Puzzles) made a wonderful birthday present. They are durable, colorful and easy to handle for toddlers and young children. My only recommendation would be to provide a small baggy for each puzzle instead of just putting all the pieces together in one box.
My son is 6 years old and he loves these Thomas & Friends puzzles! He even likes just looking at the box depicting the various Thomas trains. The trains are very colorful and the puzzles sport beautiful graphics of each train.  Even the puzzle box itself is beautiful and well constructed. The puzzles are fun and somewhat challenging for young children, but not impossible (the most complex puzzle is Thomas, which is only a 16 piece puzzle). All four puzzles fit together perfectly as well.  Ravensburger, a well known German Company which has made puzzles for over 120 years, designs these puzzles (although the puzzles are manufactured in nearby Czech Republic). The puzzles are constructed of thin cardboard, like most other children's puzzles.  A quality, beautiful puzzle collection for your Thomas fan!
This is an adorable Ravensburger set of 4 Thomas & Friends children's puzzles. They include Percy (10 pieces) James ( 12 pieces ) Charlie ( 14 pieces ) and of course Thomas which is the largest puzzle at 16 pieces. The set is bright colorful and well made, the pieces are sturdy and great for little hands. This set is recommended for ages 3+ and my daughter who is 5 had a great time putting them together by herself. I would definitely recommend this set to any parent of a child who loves Thomas the Train, or just wants a great introduction into puzzles.
My three year old loves Thomas the Tank Engine and he was very excited about putting together these puzzles.  With some help from me, he was able to assemble each puzzle.  The only problem I had with these puzzles was that I was expecting them to be separated in the box.  They were not and all four puzzles were mixed together.  It would be much nicer if they were separated into bags or something so you could choose which puzzle you wanted to do without having to pick through all the pieces.  When we were done putting them together, I separated the pieces into Ziplock bags so in the future, we can pick out the individual puzzles faster.  Other than that, I think these are good puzzles for a toddler or small child to do with the help of their parent.  I recommend them if your child is a Thomas fan.
"This may not be a fair review because my three year old goes crazy over anything from the Thomas and Friends line. He had no idea this was coming in the mail and when he did he jumped around like a rabbit. He immediately wanted to put them together and therefore he did. Not to brag or anything but he's much brighter then the average three year old and could have put these together by himself but he was so excited he wanted me to help. As a good father should I did. I found the puzzles to be well-made - the cardboard is thick and sturdy and the picture side looks great. Each of the four puzzles measures 13"" X 10"". Percy has 10 pieces, James 12, Charlie 14 and Thomas 16. Knowing my son he will get many years out of them. I also think they would look good hanging on a wall if you glued them down. Highly recommended."
In these days of ever-increasing technology, it is never too early to start teaching hand-eye coordination.  These bright and visually pleasing puzzles do just that!  Four puzzles are packaged in the same box; but they are not hard to tell apart because each has its own colorful border.  The puzzle pieces are made of a high quality cardboard, so supervision is advisable to keep the pieces from getting damaged in the mouths of children.  The pieces are large enough to not present a tremendous choking hazard, but you can never be too careful.  The puzzles feel so much more 'authentic' than many of the plastic puzzles designed for younger children.  Of course, the puzzles are manufactured by Ravensburger which is a age-old and respected puzzle company.  The pieces fit together as near to perfection as you could possibly expect.  The puzzles are appropriately challenging for young minds, yet not challenging enough to cause frustration.  I believe if you spend the time to build the puzzles with your child just a couple of times, they are going to master the skill and start wanting to put them together by themselves.  The puzzles are similar but have a slightly different number of pieces each.Thomas 16Charlie 14James 12Percy 10I believe your child will truly enjoy building these puzzles while learning at the same time.  ENJOY!
Thomas is a major force in my 3 year old grandson's life.  Anything Thomas is a hit and so this set of puzzles was a big hit.  I would not recommend the puzzles for a bright three year old though.  He blew threw them and enjoyed them but they were no challenge.  I think the age suggestion of 3 plus might be a bit erroneous.  I would suggest age 2 to 4 if average puzzle players.  If the child is really fond of puzzles and does them frequently this set might not offer much of a challenge.  With that said, even though he thinks they are too easy, he likes them, primarily due to Thomas.
