Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
My kids love the idea of camping, sleeping in a tent and having a campfire.  Unfortunately I am not the type of parent who has ever spent a night in the wilderness and have never given this opportunity to them.  I thought this fake campfire log could start some imaginative play in their play tents and sleeping bags.The log is extremely noisy, doesn't look very realistic, and only stays on for a very short amount of time.  You're constantly having to turn it back on, but don't really want to because of the noise of the internal mechanism.  After a couple of days, my kids have shoved it to a dark corner of the room and haven't played with it in weeks.  Save your money, or better yet: try a real campfire.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.02152813971042633,0.018258150666952133,0.01702900417149067,0.018981561064720154,0.01861264370381832,0.019849233329296112,0.017122838646173477,0.01890723407268524,0.017523422837257385,0.01908246800303459,0.018647588789463043,0.018329549580812454,0.019170382991433144,0.020500142127275467,0.0201423279941082,0.018411332741379738,0.018164949491620064,0.01942494697868824,0.017964867874979973,0.01955397054553032,0.018093308433890343,0.017456529662013054,0.016565877944231033,0.016033858060836792,0.019494371488690376,0.019390331581234932,0.019274955615401268,0.01773650012910366,0.02227579802274704,0.0181511752307415,0.01851983182132244,0.01591215655207634,0.017852049320936203,0.01795702427625656,0.01951826736330986,0.016878649592399597,0.018671255558729172,0.016773708164691925,0.017828239127993584,0.01940571516752243,0.02036602981388569,0.018137887120246887,0.019698847085237503,0.018203185871243477,0.017096081748604774,0.020885132253170013,0.017561884596943855,0.018413854762911797,0.019406963139772415,0.017483534291386604,0.017284344881772995,0.018811022862792015,0.017549894750118256,0.018106982111930847
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
But it doesn't.  My three year old got the biggest kick out of this plastic log.  It's a log he can touch.  Of course there are concerns about a kid being drawn to a flame, but the log and flame look fake and it sounds like a fan.  It's perfect for indoor sleep overs.  My kid has a room full of toys, and when his friends come to play, I more often than not find the kids centered around this thing.  I don't get it.  But as long as he's amused, I'm satisfied.
This campfire log claims to look like a campfire, and while I a skeptic at first, it has a nice glowing and flickering fire effect. However, it is so noisy because of the fan to make the flame move. It's not a toy I'm going to keep for my children. The noise is rather annoying, like a vacuum cleaner that has been left to run. Some crackling fire noises would have been nice. All that said, my kids couldn't stop turning it on. They thought it was great, but since I found the noise far too annoying, it wasn't in the house longer than about 20 minutes. Can't say how much they'd end up playing with it.
Lightweight and solid yet cheap looking (it does NOT look real) and underwhelming; this fake campfire really does absolutely nothing noteworthy and its existence somewhat baffles me.  I got this for an indoor campout with my daughter.I was not impressed.She was.Go figure.I understand, to a degree, the concept, but the cheaply looking piece somewhat negates the point behind this thing.  It just looks like a plastic turd and the supposed `embers' look more like an open wound.  The flickering flame, made of a thin fabric, dances while the log is turned on, which is pretty cool since from the picture I thought it was a solid plastic flame that lit up, so the fact that it actually moves was pretty cool (I guess).  It blows cold air, which is strange.  I just don't see this making much of an impact.  It has a specific purpose, but I can't see kids finding lasting enjoyment by pretending to sit around the campfire.  It just doesn't provide enough to warrant wasting time in front of it.  It doesn't even produce that much light.  Like I said, my daughter loved the idea while we were snuggled in sleeping bags in the living room.  She hasn't touched it since, but I'm sure she'll beg me to turn it on next time she gets the notion to sleep on the floor.Oh, and I'm actually not offended by the sound of the flame.  I like white noise (I find it comforting) and I didn't find the noise level too severe or overbearing.  It took you out of the campfire vibe, considering that a real campfire doesn't sound like that (would it have been too much to ask that this sound like snapping embers and twigs instead?) but then again, a real campfire doesn't look like a gigantic bloody bear dropping either.
I got this toy last week and have been trying it out with my daughter. She thinks it's okay, but it's not anything overly exciting to her. And I'm not really impressed much with it either. It lights up the flame at the top fine, but what bugs me is the noise. The flame is made of cloth and there is a fan inside that blows to make the cloth flame dance and move around to look like a real flame. It is a neat effect, but the noise is kind of aggravating. It's kind of a buzzing motor sound, not as quiet or soft as a regular fan's sound. It's too bad because this could have been a fun night light to use if your kids had a sleep over or wanted to leave it on all night, pretending to sleep around a camp fire. But the noise will not make you want to do that. It would have been better if they made a plastic flame and it just lit up, and not bothered with a fan or motor at all.
Ok, you need a fake log with a fake flame for your kids to play with, but you don't have one. What do you do? Well, you buy this one is what you do. The real question is, why does someone actually need a fake log with a fake flame? I guess to keep the kids from bringing a real flaming log into the house? Hey, works for me.As other reviews have mentioned, the noise this makes is not very burning log like. It's more flappy fan like. But so what. Kids have good imaginations, and they probably won't care about the noise. They need a flaming log, darnit. And lo and behold, why here's one right now. Oh joy!
"I chose this toy, based on the fact that I love novelty lamps AND campfires. I wasn't going to use this as a toy, because I am a grown woman.Campfires, and I have been around many, crackle and spit and make hardly any noise unless they are built very big and then they can get all roaring.This Campfire, once turned on, sounds like a vacuum cleaner, or an Old AC unit cranking up. Its the fan inside to make the cloth ""flame"" dance around, its really really loud and if I was a kid and wanted to pretend play like I was camping, I would be really upset that my campfire drowned out the campsite and made it seem like an industrial complex instead of a forest.did not like."
Part of a campfire toy line that is great for young children with active imaginations, this is a wonderful idea.  For kids who live in cities whose families can't often make the journey to an actual camping ground, or for families whose children just can't get enough of camping.  They have so many different accessories to go with the campfire, too, but this is the centerpiece of the collection.  All items are slightly rounded bulky plastic so you don't have to worry about any sharp edges with the youngest crowd.  It is too noisy though.  It would be great if in the future they made this pretend campfire to make crackling campfire noises rather than the irritating motor sound it makes.  I think we adults were more concerned about this, as the kids didn't seem to care.  Still - it'd be a nice feature to see added.
I am really less than impressed with this toy.  It is a plastic log with a very loud fan that blows a little piece of fabric around trying to look like a flame.  Oh, did I mention it is loud?  The other reviewers who compared it to a vacuum sound had it dead on.  If this is on, we're yelling back and forth to be heard and it sounds nothing like a fire where you'd expect a crackling, comforting sound.  This is one to skip.
The campfire flame effect is created by a computer type case fan embedded in the log. The fan blows a flame shaped fabric causing it to flutter. As it flutters, the fabric reflects the orange yellow lighting, creating a nice effect with an ember margin. The problem was that the unit I received came with a noisy fan, which can probably be replaced with an ultraquiet case fan. Still, the noise detracted from the illusion.
We all love the campfire fake log on fire. It is very cool.  My kids 11 & 14 are so excited and we plan to set up a fake fire place for Christmas with it. Even though it is plastic; it looks very realistic.  The only problem is that the fan that flicks the cloth fire is very loud. 11 year old wants to turn it on all the time.
For a 1 or 2 year old this might be a little fun, but anyone older..forget it.  I thought that it would be a novel fun toy.  It makes way too much noise and after the first 5 seconds it stops being amusing .... and becomes a real drag quickly.  I would only recommend this as a gag gift.... or a payback gift for those that gave you something really chessy.
this is a really neat product for kids as it gives them a chance to pretend to camp in the house.  My boys really loved these and had so much fun playing with it and building tents and pretending to cook on the fire.  It looks very real and looks like a campfire.  The only problem is the fan blowing the flames is kind of irritating but other than that no real problems.  Overall a fun idea with the sound being the only problem.  It could have been alot better if they fixed that but still a fun toy.
"This log is kind of a cool concept, especially paired with the other toys in the camping line that they have to offer.  I think most imaginitive kids will get a kick out of the glowing ""fire"" and I appreciate that it is a cool to the touch fire.  The only complaint I have is that the fan that makes the ""fire"" (a piece of fabric) flicker, is very loud.My son wanted to use it as a ""night light"" but he found it too loud to do so and coudn't sleep and told me he had to turn it off after about 15 minutes.But for regular play - I think this thing is a winner."
"The day that we received this fake burning log our children (ages 3.5 and 5) played ""camp out"" using sheets and various pieces of furniture, with the log as a centerpiece.  They had fun with the log for approximately one half hour, after which they lost all interest.The log comes equipped with a small internal fan that gives motion to the fake ""flames"".  As far as the noise of the fan goes, it is not that bad (at least initially) - I can list at least a dozen toys that are louder and considerably more obnoxious.  I will admit, however, that the noise becomes grating after a while - even the kids complained about it.Well there you have it.  This is a fake burning log with a noisy fan that is intended to simulate the camping out experience while indoors.  Unfortunately, our children did not find the log to be terribly interesting, and as such it is not worth much (maybe $1.99).  Fortunately, we will have the real camping out experience to fall back on - I am sure the kids will like that more."
My kids love to camp, so this is a hit. realistic camp fire, it is fun that it has a flame and embers just like a real camp fire. Great for at home during the winter when they want to pretend to camp. Goes well with other camp accessories. Great fun, kids enjoy it.
This is fun for pretend play. My son has had fun with it.  I think the flame is fairly realistic. It does make a blowing sound as other people mention in their reviews, but I didn't find it to be too distracting.
"My kids (approx 5&3) really like this toy campfire. It's fun to imagine keeping warm or cooking over it. The button on the front runs it for a few seconds at a time and is really all I encourage my kids to use, because while the fan that flows the fabric ""flame"" around is bearable in short bursts, it's too monotonous for continuous use. If it was more of a hum rather than a whir then I could write it off as white noise, but it sounds like the dust busters of the 90's noisy, but bearable for short stints. The educational aspect is also up in there air because it is cool to the touch kids like to touch the ""flame"", so it brings up a point for dialog about fire safety, but is it really the best place to start with ""this fire is okay to touch"". Other than that I think my kids really enjoy it, it looks good and it seems well made.PROS:+ Looks great when glowing+ Sparks imagination+ Fire safety talking points+ Short duration button or continuous on/off switchCONS:- Too irritating of a noise with prolonged use, so using it as a night light is out.- May encourage kids to experiment with fire?"
Some reviews criticize the toy because it isn't realistic. I say, so what? It is meant for young kids looking to have fun. My grandson loves it and enjoys turning it on before he goes to bed.
This is an odd toy, but very charming. My 2.5 year old is entranced by it. It would make a nice prop at a Scouting ceremony or for a theatrical production. It doesn't have a lot of play value beyond being a prop.It consists of a fake plastic log, with a light insight, and a fan that blows a fabric flame. The effect is not realistic, but it gets the point across. The battery-operated fan is a little noisy and detracts form the effect slightly.
"Like another reviewer, I had hoped maybe this toy could double as a nightlight. How lovely it would be to let your kids pretend they are sleeping in their ""campsite,"" right? That idea flew right out the window as soon as I picked up the package and pushed the ""try me"" button. WHIRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRZZZZZZZ. The fan used to make the ""flames"" ""flicker"" is INCREDIBLY LOUD. It sounds like a large paper shredder. Or a kitchen disposal. Or a dust buster. Considering my kids hate all of those sounds, I decided I wouldn't even give it to them, as it would only cause annoyance and angst all around. It's not interesting enough to give to them without the batteries, either, as the modeling is shoddy and it only roughly looks like a log. It could just as easily pass for grizzly scat with some crumpled orange paper sticking out the top. Ugly, loud, not that fun...fail."
Okay I will be honest, I was excited about this toy more than I think my children were. As a former Girl Scout, I have fond memories of sitting by a camp fire roasting marshmallows. Sorry to digress...here comes this pretend campfire. So simple, yet there was nothing like this available for children to my knowledge. My sons have a play tent that they use in the house and I thought how great to have a camp fire to go along with it. Again, I think I am more excited about the possibilities of this toy and pretend play than my boys are currently. I could see using this toy outside alongside maybe a real adult camp fire. This campfire lights when you press a button and stays lit for about 30 seconds or so while a fan blows fabric that looks like flames. It doesn't stay on long, but it's easy to just hit the button again (which is part of the fun). So if you have a little guy or gal who is a little camper or you want to mix up your imaginative play a little bit, this is a wonderful addition. The price is reasonable and there are other accessories like a pretend marshmallow and stick, canteen and lantern you can add to make the experience complete.
"I'm an earthy grandma who will do whatever it takes to spur kids' love of the outdoors and creative imagination, even if that means setting up a fake campfire.  What child wouldn't like a little flaming log in their bedroom, backyard tent or playroom?  It's very realistic (at least through a child's eye), and currently the ""hot"" toy at our house.  The younger grandkids love it--for them, it's camping wherever and whenever.  I like it because it's simple, safe and portable.  Even though the log is a bit noisy, what toy isn't?  I notice the Campfire Kids toy line is often markedly reduced--that might be a good time to complete the campfire experience."
"This product makes me think of the old fake advertisement from Ren and Stimpy. ""It's log, it's log, it's big-it's heavy-it's wood!"" Who needs a fake log?  We'', it turns out that I do. My kids love to act and put on impromptu plays with their friends.  This piece can be adjusted so that it ""burns"" continuously or you can push a button for a short burst of ""flame"". The continuous setting is perfect as a stage prop. I have actually seen similar items (fake torches) used in our local community theater.  The girls have also used it as a prop for their American Girl dolls, who like to toast mini marshmallows on toothpicks while gathered round the log, which to them is a large hunk of tree trunk. One minor issue is the rather noisy motor."
Kids love camping. In fact, my boys love it when we set up a tent in their bedroom, sprawl out the sleeping bags, and turn on the nightlight lantern, so when I saw the Campfire Kids Campfire, I knew they'd love it.As soon as they saw the box, they were excited and couldn't wait to check it out. As a parent, it seems like such a simple toy--I mean it's a fake log with a fake fire, but my boys love it. They carry it from room to room and can't wait to turn the lights out, so they can watch the 'fire' light up. I think it's great that you can buy other accessories such as roasting sticks and a fish pan fry to go along with this, too. Kids will easily get lost in their imagination and feel as though they're really camping.The only negative thing I'd point out is that it has a rather loud humming sound when turned on. Parents might easily get annoyed with the sound after awhile, but as far as the fun factor goes for kids, it can't be beat!
This product is a fun idea for the family to create camping like environment indoors. I looks  like rear campfire. Appear durable. There is one flaw however that it makes some noice, due to the fan that give the flames/cloth movement so it looks real. If that fan could be little quieter, than I would give this product 5 stars.
"Lately my children have been putting up the indoor tent and playing at camping out. I thought this would be something cute for them to create a little bit of atmosphere. It's actually kinda cute to watch them site by their campfire ""roasting"" weenies. No, it does not give off heat. My only complaint about this campfire is it is quite loud. But then again I guess it would have to be for the blower to blow up the fabric to make it appear like flame. They have been playing with this for a few weeks now and it has handled their rough housing it. I have a 6 year old boy and a 10 year old girl. Would I recommend it? Sure, I would just warn it's not the quietest toy there is."
"This is a nice-looking log with simulated glowing embers. I appreciate that there is a button beneath that can be set to allow one to either have the log ""burn"" continually, or not.  To save on batteries (4 AAs) you can set toy to be activated in about 7 second increments when pressing the ""try me"" button.*I almost threw away the box before realizing (upon reading directions) that there is a perforated panel that needs to be popped out and placed beneath the log to further add to this simulated campfire. One could easily overlook this, since there is no delineation between the panel and the rest of the background insert other than the subtle perforation.  The yellow in the panel compliments the yellow jagged fabric of the ""flame."" It would be nice if the panel was separate from box to avoid accidentally throwing this away.The downside:  No ""crackling"" flame sounds.  The whirling fan used to blow ""flame"" is too loud for me.  I wish it were replaced with a subtle crackling sound-even for a little while, like with the ""try me"" button. It is the SIGHT and SOUND of a campfire that makes it seem real in the absence of heat. Perhaps if the motor wasn't as loud it wouldn't be such an issue.To be fair, this is just one part of a complete set. On the box, there are photos of other accessories to complete the ""campfire"" experience (lantern, indoor tent, fish fry, roasting sticks and more).  It seems that the lantern has outdoor sounds.  Hopefully, this log will add to the ambiance rather than drown out those sounds. I could not be able to make this assessment without having the lantern as well.This log would make a nice prop or toy for imaginative play.  I would make sure that a child is supervised with this, or at least old enough not to want to rip the fabric out or try to stick objects into the crevice. These are two ways I see this toy being quickly broken.  Otherwise, it appears very sturdy and long lasting.*We tried placing platformed log on cushioned surface without the cardboard to try to muffle the sound.  It DOES NOT work if you do this! The log needs circulation beneath in order to blow out ""flame,"" so try to keep it on included cardboard panel or other hard surface.  Though it works on my low carpeting, I wonder about the effects of lint particles being sucked up (ever slightly) from below."
"This is one of those items that you really have to be a kid to enjoy, because as an adult you tend to focus on the negative aspects of the Campfire Kids Campfire, seeing the things that could be improved, while from the kid's point-of-view, it's a cool toy.My test subjects were my niece and nephew (ages 6 and 3) - two kids who have never seen either a real campfire or a fireplace fire before.  They are both in the ""clubhouse"" phase right now, so this toy was perfect for them.  As soon as the toy was out of the box, my niece ran to the pantry and got straws and mini-marshmallows so that we could ""toast"" them over the fire.  They've currently got it set up with their Christmas decorations.  It hasn't been buried away in the toy box, never to see the light of day again.As an adult, while thankfully I'm still able to see the fun aspect in the toy, I found that the sound of the fan was just too loud for me to successfully pretend that it was a real fire. The ""flame"" is a sheet of colored cloth that blown in the wind provided by the fan.  Close-up, it looks exactly like what it is, but it you put it at a distance, and the room lighting is low, it really does sort of look like a flickering fire.  I give the makers props for trying to get the glowing embers look on the top of the log; the log itself looks like plastic log.  It does seem to be sturdy, though.Is this something that you can pop into your unused fireplace and pretend that you have a fire going?  Only if you've got those glass doors that will block out the sound of the running fan.  Is this a nice novelty toy for kids who have good imaginations and enjoy the outdoors?  Yes.  Don't expect more than what is being offered, and you won't be disappointed with it."
My kids love the idea of camping, sleeping in a tent and having a campfire.  Unfortunately I am not the type of parent who has ever spent a night in the wilderness and have never given this opportunity to them.  I thought this fake campfire log could start some imaginative play in their play tents and sleeping bags.The log is extremely noisy, doesn't look very realistic, and only stays on for a very short amount of time.  You're constantly having to turn it back on, but don't really want to because of the noise of the internal mechanism.  After a couple of days, my kids have shoved it to a dark corner of the room and haven't played with it in weeks.  Save your money, or better yet: try a real campfire.
We were so excited to open this. While we thought it was funny the kids love it!They set up a blanket tent in their room and have played campout for three nights straight.Lanterns sleeping bags and a safe roaring fire make it very real like.Simply turn press the button and a real looking fire pops up only it is cool to the touch.The fan is on the bottom so you have to place it on a piece of cardboard that comes with the product so nothing gets sucked into it and breaks it but my kids are loving it and I like that they are playing together for three nights. That is a record.
the only thing i would complain about this play fire log is that it has a rather noisy fan. other than that, the kids love to play with this item. they take it outside in the tree house and pretend they are having a camp fire.  so far, the batteries have lasted since about christmas. i suppose that because it makes so much noise, you really can't forget to shut it off. it does stay cool to the touch and it works for its intended purpose.
"This thing is NOISY.  It reminds me a small square box space heater that I used MANY years ago.  It it that kind of loud noise that can get annoying very quickly.  It is such a cute idea, though.  It's just a plastic log with a fabric ""flame"".  And it would be great as a campfire nightlight if it weren't so noisy.  If the sound of a loud space heater does not bother you, then this won't either.  Different noises/level of noise affect people differently.  So, the key to knowing if this is the toy for you is how much you like/dislike the sound of a loud fan."
Although there's not much educational value in this, there's something to be said for creative play. My kids love camping, but we can't go all the time. We also live in WI, where it's not so warm most of the time.This is really neat. No heat, low light, looks like a campfire. Noisy as you know what though. They could've made it quieter. No small parts. In saying that, we set up a pup tent in the house and the kids camped out to this thing. They had a ball. We made smores and told ghost stories. Something different to a traditional toy for an outdoor lover.
"This is a pretty cool toy. My daughter (2 years old) loves to play outside, but with winter here, it's just too cold, so I thought this would be a fun toy to use to bring the outside in. It turns out, it is! The log is a thin plastic, so it's light to pick up and carry around, but still looks like a real campfire log.  When you turn the ""fire"" on it makes a little bit of noise (it's just a small fan blowing the little piece of fabric up so it looks like a flame).  The fabric ""flame blows up and it glows yellow-orange.  It about 14"" long and 6"" tall (plus 2-3"" when the flame is flapping) and fits perfectly next to our little kid play tent when we have an indoor camping sleepover.  We also have used it to talk about how fire can be dangerous, so you can't touch it, etc. I feel like that's a good way to teach her about fire without the risk of serious burn also! Overall, it's a pretty fun toy, but I think anyone older than 4 or 5 years old would be bored by this toy."
The only real problem I had with this toy was the noise of the motor. It's really loud. Also, this is kinda cool for about 30 seconds and then it doesn't really have much entertainment. My nephew loved it because he loves trying to figure out how things work.. he's autistic but for a child who isn't so intense into that it would get boring really quick. Also, I think it would be an improvement if it put out a LITTLE heat. My major concern is a younger child thinking it's safe to play with fire based on this toy. For an older kid who just wants to pretend to camp out you would still need to get the rest of the gear as this really isn't much on its own.
This toy is really cute, my kids like their dad and I love camping. Before i got offered this item on the vine program the kids would use a lamp in their room as a campfire. Once i got this toy we opened it up and they loved it,they are 5 and 3... It does make noise when its on as the air blows the paper flame, i dont mind it cuz its not that loud but its somthing to keep in mind if ur bothered by things like that. It comes with batteries but i always replace them once its opened..theres lots of other fun things u can get to go with it. This is a great addition to any kids room who likes pretend play, highly recommended!
My daughter loves this. There Is a button on the side that allows for the campfire to run briefly, more like a demo mode, while one the bottom, there is a switch that allows for continuous running. I got this for my daughter for her birthday along with theCampfire Kids Wilderness Tent,Campfire Kids Roasting Sticks, andCampfire Kids Fish Fry - Trout. She already had theCampfire Kids Lantern (with fun nature sounds). She enjoys playing with all of them together. She loves the whole camping experience that she gets from these toys.i would only suggest that maybe a crakling sound to give it a more realistic sound.
"My daughter just turned 6 last week and LOVES this!  We pretend to roast marshmallows, we have ""camp out"" in the living room, and have so much fun with it.  Santa will be bringing some matching pieces, such asCampfire Kids Roasting SticksandCampfire Kids Log Cabin Tent!I highly recommend this for pretend play.  It's really just an awesome find!"
"The ""flame"" on this toy is fabric. There is a motorized fan that comes on when you turn the flame's light on that makes the flame stand up and flicker. I found the motor to be really loud and annoying. I had to have my boys take the campfire to another room when they were playing with it because the motor was so distracting.My boys are five and seven years old. They carried the campfire everywhere the first few days after we got it and then they got bored with it and forgot about it. I think if we had some of the other camping accessories made by the company that makes this, their interest might be renewed. Or they might have played with it more if I wasn't constantly telling them to take it somewhere else!I would say that if you want to get your kids a camping toy to choose something else, like a toy lantern or a play s'mores set. There's just not very much that this campfire can do."
The little faux flame campfire rises from the log with no heat, and there are even other faux accessories you can buy for your campout like a canteen, roasting sticks, even a toy lantern. Your kids can have a pretend camping adventure while they are small and learn about camping.  You could even give them a few tips about fire safety before doing the real thing when they are a little older.  The Campfire kids toy looks cool at night with the lights shut off, and the toy is reasonably priced. A nice toy to prepare kids for the great outdoors and summertime adventures.
"I had higher hopes for this toy.  The log is realistic enough but the ""flame"" is a piece of yellow cloth that looks like it would quickly be gone if some little boys were around.  It would be too tempting for them as it sags when the toy is turned off.  Something that retracts would be a whole lot better.And the toy is turned off most of the time since the fan noise is super loud and annoying.  A sound of a fire would be nice but this is just a loud motor noise.  I tried it with a four year old and she played about ten minutes before leaving it and not even putting it with her toys.I also have a problem with calling this a campfire.  It is shaped like a log instead of a round fire.  It is a log that has been struck by lightening and has a fire in its center - rather different."
When I first saw this I immediately thought of using it in our elementary school library as a prop for their 'Reading Under the Stars' theme. How cute to have a little campfire the kids could read around! But, alas, it was not to be. When activated the log makes a very loud fan kind of sound...about the same noise level as one of those small travel hairdryers. So, while it is cute and very durable (has withstood multiple falls the toy shelf)the noise level makes it almost unusable indoors.
My 7 year old daughter has a playhouse in the basement and plays store and house and camping all the time. This pretend campfire adds to her playtime. She enjoys playing with it and roasting and cooking her pretend meals over it. It makes a little noise and the flames flicker. it's actually pretty cool. When my buddy at work saw it, he ordered one for his kids too. This is a cool addition to your kids imaginary world.
"There is no denying that this toy looks real.  Once you get this campfire log out of the box, you'll think it's a real log.  The fire is pretty cool to look at and the light is bright in a dark room.  My children did enjoy playing with this part of the campfire kids edition.  To make the experience better, I encourage you to get more of the campfire toys to add to this otherwise it's just a log.The drawback on this toy, for me, was the sound.  The motor used to blow the ""fire"" is a bit loud although my children seemed to not hear it.  I thought this would be a perfect night-light for them in their room but the motor was too loud to sleep to though they did fine.  It drove me crazy.  The fire light is perfect for a room at night but the motor takes away from the experience in my estimation."
"My little boy, 5 years old, is a LOVER of the outdoors! So I was hopeful this would suffice on nights when we can't camp.IT WORKS! He loves this and the little lantern as well. We see him build tents, uses it next to our real fireplace, and just carries it around for all sorts of props.It's nice and light, and it's easy for him to carry around. I actually am thrilled with how much use this little fire gets. There is a slight noise with the wind/fan that makes the ""flame"" wave, but it's not annoying -- just know that it's not silent.Sra. GoseMother of Five, Teacher, AuthorFlip Flop Spanish Series, Key to Learning Anything"
"The Campfire Kids Campfire is a fun idea, but does not quite live up to my expectations.  I expected something that made noise somewhat like an actual campfire, but instead, it emits a loud buzzing sound, quite like a cellphone on vibrate mode.  The ""flame"" is a yellow piece of cloth that blows back and forth as air is blown out of the opening.  My 3-yr old granddaughter loves that, but doesn't like the noise.  She eventually got used to the noise and did play with it for a while, then got bored and turned it off.  I really think it is the noise that keeps her from playing with it the entire time she is using her play tent.I do think it is worth $13 because it is a unique item, but don't expect too much."
This broke our heart. We got an indoor teepee this year and the log was supposed to be a perfect additionIt is loud. It is obnoxiously loud.There is no way to keep the light and turn off that appalling fan that is supposed to blow the cloth flameObnoxious disappointingWe were sad
Six year old and three and a half year old managed to play together with this campfire nicely so far and the noise just seems to increase their delight in playing with it. Since it is what it is, they even manage not to fight over it and play together by bringing all their toys to imaginary camping.
Kids love to play camping- both indoors and out, so I thought this was a cute idea for something different to do for them with our- almost every day is raining- weather we have been having here in Ohio. The children have always put 2 chairs apart and thrown a blanket over them for an instant tent with our lantern inside for some imaginative indoor camping fun. I thought this would add to their indoor fun- bringing camping inside- since it's wet outdoors here about 9 months out of the year now.The log looks cute. It has a cloth flame that moves from a fan inside, to look like a flickering fire. It has a light inside that makes a slight glowing on the top of the log. It runs on 4 AA batteries. Once we turned it on, the light is very dull and the fan that blows the cloth flame is too loud in an annoying way- like when we use our hedgeclippers outdoors. It's a sound that of course isn't as loud as hedgeclippers- but it is loud- way too loud for indoors.I can't imagine why they didn't use a quiet fan- like the mini ones they make for just blowing air on your face in the summer. It makes no sense to use such a rackety one that ruins the calm of a fire. As for the light, they need a light that glows brighter, so the kids can see in the dark- like by a real fire. A quiet fan and brighter light that the kids can make hand shadows by, would have made this cute idea a hit, but as it is- the noisiness is just too much for indoor play which makes it useless.
I loved the concept of this toy.  Plus it goes along with other toys the kids love - tent, lantern, etc.  We own all that stuff.The problem is, this thing has a fan that makes noise. The fan is what's used to make the flame look mildly realistic.  Why they went this route is beyond me.  Maybe it was to save money.  They could have come up with a quieter mechanical design with a rotating device and a light bulb that changed colors like glowing embers.  Maybe this would have been less dramatic.  Well, kids aren't that stupid.  They know a fan when they see/hear one.  Totally destroys the imagination.  Perhaps YMMV with your children.  Just wasn't impressed by this. Still, I'll give it three stars for a low price.  If you can afford to pay more for something more realistic then definitely do so.
"also good for kids who like light machines. It's nice that it turns off fairly quickly on its own, since light burning toys also burn up batteries.  The fan inside is a pretty loud ""whir"" noise. It works like it claims with the light and flapping fabric that imitates flames.  Cute but more of novelty than a much used toy in our home."
"I would have given it three stars because it is loud (like a handheld vacuum) and goes through batteries pretty quickly (on third set of batteries in less than a week...might have to get lithium batteries), but my son thinks it's great...not only has he used it with his toy tent but he took it to a friend's ""clubhouse"" & all the kids there liked it too."
This toy is adorable. My son, although nine, and I thought would be a little old for it, built a sheet tent, put it right in his room and requested S'mores to accompany his flickering campfire.It reminds me of battery operated candles. No heat or flame, just the sleepy, flickering, ambient light. It does require 4 AA batteries, so I wouldn't suggest leaving it on for hours, the cost of owning the campfire could go up considerably. Plus the sound of the motor is fairly loud.Campfire Kids also has a cute set of fake sticks with hot dogs and marshmallows. It would be a nice addition to the campfire as a gift. There is also a Campfire kids fish fry, which can add another dimension to the pretend play.  Throw in one of those Playhut pop-up tents and your little one can have the fun camping experience without the bears, the bugs or the dirt.
"I love camping and thought I'd enjoy playing with this as much as a kid would. What a disappointment to find that this replica didn't light my fire (so to speak) in so many ways:(1) IT'S SO LOUD. The whirring noise, like a food processor or a blender, is about as far away from Nature as Paris Hilton.(2) ""FLAME"" GETS WRINKLED AND LIMP WHEN NOT IN USE. When it's not on, the orange-colored cloth lies flat as a pancake on top of the log. It also gets wrinkled easily, so when you've started it a few times, the ""flame"" sometimes gets depressed and won't lift up its head. You have to tug a corner of the ""flame"" to get it to stand up straight!(3) ""FLAME"" LASTS ONLY ABOUT 10 SECONDS. Every 10 seconds or so, you have to keep pressing the button to keep the ""fire"" going. Annoying. If it runs on batteries, why not have an on/off button instead? Kids can't get a sense of pretend play going if they have to keep pressing the thing every 10 seconds.(4) ""FLAME"" IS COOL, NOT WARM. If this toy is supposed to be educational, why does the flame emit a cool puff of air, like a fan? Not only does the toy sound like a fan, it feels like one too. A young child could get the wrong idea of what a real fire feels like and put his/her on a real log expecting the same cooling breeze.Other than as a doorstop or as an obstacle for training your dog, I don't really see a use for this. I predict kids would get bored with this within 30 minutes. I know I did!"
