Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
"I saw the negative reviews of this toy and expected it to be pretty stupid-- a ""souped-up ViewFinder,"" as one person put it. And essentially, that person is right; it is a ViewFinder, with some extra effects (light, sound, and a zoom effect). But still, when I put aside my cynicism, I found that I could lie down on the floor and project these images up at the ceiling and escape for a little while.I think there are two main flaws: first is that there are only eight images and they're not animated in any way except that they expand. To mimic real fireworks, they'd have to be animated-- one goes off, then another, leaving trails behind, sparkling, etc. And the other problem is that you have to manually switch the image and pull the lever every few seconds, which gets old quickly. I wish there were a setting to just let it run automatically, so we could just lie back and enjoy the show without the constant starts, stops, and pull-the-lever noises.The product descriptions and photos crack me up, though... see that boy with the Justin Bieber hair up there holding the device, with a look of abject amazement on his face like he's just seen Elvis's angel land on a pile of Twinkies? That's not the way a 10-year-old kid is going to look when playing with this toy. The product video is even funnier. And the descriptions of the ""AMAZING"" fireworks show, the booming sound effects, etc. are similarly overdramatized. It's not anything mind-blowing. It's just nice. Simple and nice.The sound effects are not very loud, thank goodness, so if you have a child who's afraid of the real fireworks noises, you won't have to fear here. And the packaging is easy to remove. You'll have to supply the 3 AA batteries, though.My daughter is 5 and at a good age for this; I wouldn't go older than that. I don't know why they have 6-9 as the target ages. I'd suggest ages 3-5, maybe 6. Most 9-year-olds I know are going to go, ""That's IT?"" and walk away after 10 seconds. As it stands, I doubt my daughter will return to this very often, but it's still a neat one-trick pony for nights when we have friends visit or just feel like snuggling up and smiling for a few minutes. If your child is into fireworks and you can get this on sale, I'd still suggest it's worthwhile to try."

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.06884646415710449,0.0698203295469284,0.07332678884267807,0.07115618139505386,0.07224325835704803,0.0794188529253006,0.07281222194433212,0.06839977204799652,0.07099044322967529,0.07139972597360611,0.07171478867530823,0.06762178242206573,0.0734589621424675,0.0687904804944992
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
I thought this was a really neat concept.  The kids LOVE their Uncle Milton Moon in My Room, so I had high hopes for anything coming from this company.  Alas, the Fireworks Light Show did not hold up to that expectation.It's neat.  It displays brightly colored pictures of fireworks in a darkened spot and comes with a pretty cool sound effect.  I had expected something with more pizzazz, I guess, like moving fireworks or a bigger image.  It's a slide projector.  Ah well.  The kids had a blast for about ten minutes, then my son decided the noise was much more like a gun, and he ran around blasting all the furniture.  That lasted another ten minutes, then he went back to his legos.  Our Uncle Milton Fireworks projector is sitting lonely on the shelf.Great concept, but not terribly exciting in our house I'm afraid.
As an adult let me say that the other reviewers are correct: This is a souped up view finder type of toy. If you are someone with a bad attitude or a teenager you will probably not enjoy this thing.Having said that, this is just a funky little toy.The way this works is you turn the red knob on the side. Each knob corrosponds to a picture of a firework. You then pull the gray slider button on the bottom of the toy and it makes the rocket whistling sound (Like a bomb whistle). Then you pull the red button on the handle and a fire work will 'explode' on your ceiling. The firework will get bigger and even jiggle a little bit based on the sounds that are coming from the toy.Yup. That is it. It doesn't match with what I thought I was reading on the description when I got it. Knowing what I know about it now- I probably wouldn't be willing to pay much money for this.But my children have had a ball dragging others into the bathroom to see the 'fireworks'. THey have had a ball at night putting on a fireworks show complete with sound and lights. My children are 9 and almost 11. My 12 year old enjoyed it for about 20 minutes (just long enough to work through all the sounds and pictures and bug his younger siblings!) But my younger kids have had fun with it.When we went camping they took it out and did it in their tents. They also did it on the fourth of July before it got dark. There has been a lot of creative play with this thing. I guess it depends on the child what their attitude will be with it.Enjoy.
Uncle Milton Fireworks Lightshow in My Room is a simple toy devoid of any educational or creative value. It is nothing more than a battery- powered device that projects fireworks displays onto a wall, screen, or other light colored surface. Kids slide the lever, pull the trigger, and listen to the sound of exploding fireworks from the comfort of their own bedroom.Not all toys have to be educational to have some value. Some mindless toys entertain, get kids laughing, or have some other quality that makes them worthhile. But there is very little value with this toy. It is nothing more than a projection of still, non- moving lights shaped like a firework. My girls like using it a little bit because they like fireworks, but their interest is slowly waning and I doubt they will still be playing with this toy in a month from now.So, what is the problem with the Uncle Milton Fireworks Lightshow in My Room toy? The main problem is that you cannot do much with it. What it offers is nothing more than a few still images of fireworks and the same fireworks sounds over and over again. The toy could be improved if, for example, it was possible to make the fireworks move. A still, motionless light on a wall is just not that interesting. Technology exists to make this change and it may boost the price of the toy, but it would make the toy more fun.Uncle Milton Fireworks Lightshow in My Room is a novel idea and it sounded appealing at first, but my girls have quickly lost interest due to the lack of much creative control. As I said, all that you can do is aim, launch, and explode one of the eight preset images. You cannot make the fireworks move and you cannot change the artwork or enhance the sound. Kids are stuck with what they get, which is nothing more than some lights projected on a wall.Live fireworks offer great family entertainment, but Uncle Milton Fireworks Lightshow in My Room fails to impress. I don't like the simplicity of the toy because it offers no room at all for creative play. It could be worse, I suppose, and it does offer some mildly amusing entertainment, but there just isn't enough going on here to recommend it
My 4 year old daughter loves this.  She said she now can 'do fireworks' all by her self.  Although it simply projects a static image on the wall, it does make the sounds of the fireworks being shot in the air and exploding.  If you pull back on the barel it also makes the picture start out small and slowly get bigger thus making it look like you launched the firework into the air.
This toy works only in a very dark room.  It is annoyingly loud in a bang bang kind of way, like a taped recording of the fireworks boom noise.  The toy works well enough, but after about five minutes, the kids were DONE with it.  They haven't even picked it back up to play with it.  I am not sure what else to do with it or how else to play with it.  Am I missing the point?  It's not that great of toy.  And my son LOVES guns, as this toy is a gun based design, shape and trigger, he was done with this toy in about three minutes.  The fireworks start tiny and grow large - just like in a real live fireworks show and the recorded boom noise comes along.  Batteries are NOT included.  Not a big fan.
"I saw the negative reviews of this toy and expected it to be pretty stupid-- a ""souped-up ViewFinder,"" as one person put it. And essentially, that person is right; it is a ViewFinder, with some extra effects (light, sound, and a zoom effect). But still, when I put aside my cynicism, I found that I could lie down on the floor and project these images up at the ceiling and escape for a little while.I think there are two main flaws: first is that there are only eight images and they're not animated in any way except that they expand. To mimic real fireworks, they'd have to be animated-- one goes off, then another, leaving trails behind, sparkling, etc. And the other problem is that you have to manually switch the image and pull the lever every few seconds, which gets old quickly. I wish there were a setting to just let it run automatically, so we could just lie back and enjoy the show without the constant starts, stops, and pull-the-lever noises.The product descriptions and photos crack me up, though... see that boy with the Justin Bieber hair up there holding the device, with a look of abject amazement on his face like he's just seen Elvis's angel land on a pile of Twinkies? That's not the way a 10-year-old kid is going to look when playing with this toy. The product video is even funnier. And the descriptions of the ""AMAZING"" fireworks show, the booming sound effects, etc. are similarly overdramatized. It's not anything mind-blowing. It's just nice. Simple and nice.The sound effects are not very loud, thank goodness, so if you have a child who's afraid of the real fireworks noises, you won't have to fear here. And the packaging is easy to remove. You'll have to supply the 3 AA batteries, though.My daughter is 5 and at a good age for this; I wouldn't go older than that. I don't know why they have 6-9 as the target ages. I'd suggest ages 3-5, maybe 6. Most 9-year-olds I know are going to go, ""That's IT?"" and walk away after 10 seconds. As it stands, I doubt my daughter will return to this very often, but it's still a neat one-trick pony for nights when we have friends visit or just feel like snuggling up and smiling for a few minutes. If your child is into fireworks and you can get this on sale, I'd still suggest it's worthwhile to try."
This is a fantastic tool, um, toy. Who doesn't love fireworks? Or, if you have a little one, who gets a little scared at those loud sounds, then you also know the not-so-fun stuff parents go through when they go off.This will provide two things. First, the child or parent who has had a long day, will be able to safely (no more lost fingers or running in the dark and tripping over the dog) show fireworks. Sure, it's not like the 'real thing' but what's cool about this is that it works in any dark room. Any. Get that? ANY. The sounds are pretty realistic. The color display awesome, but the best thing? I don't have to stand outside and perform the necessary parental ruminations to show the children fireworks.Two, this toy could very well help (maybe) the little munchkin from getting scared so easily. This way, you can show them and let me 'light' fireworks.It is rather easy to use, using batteries. No biggie. The batteries (like any batteries, make sure you don't use knock offs) last a decent time.Buy. Buy this before Christmas. Buy and same your money and your bare legs from nasty bug bites.
"This toy projects a photo of exploding fireworks onto a wall or ceiling.  Seven different fireworks photos are selected by turning a dial.  Pulling a trigger or lever activates the projection, which stays on and flickers for a few seconds before fading.  Firework sounds also play quite loudly out of the speaker on the side.  Regrettably there is no volume control so I used a piece of masking tape to partially cover the speaker (it was too muffled when it was completely covered).The toy achieves an ""exploding"" fireworks effect by first reducing then gradually increasing the size of the projected fireworks photo.  Cocking a slide on the bottom, which plays more exploding sounds, then pressing the trigger, activates the reduced projection.  The fireworks photo projection gradually increases in size to give the appearance of exploding fireworks before gradually fading.  Either the product has recently changed to add this feature, or the other reviewers simply missed it.  In any event, the toy is more than just a viewmaster.My 3 year-old son was pretty excited by this toy.  He could do it himself, but only with difficulty.  He kept asking me to do it for him and stared at the projections, remarking ""Wow!"" and ""Whoa.""  Good times.  You have to use this in a dark room; it is too faint to see when there is much light.  It is a fun concept, but I do not know how much lasting play value it has.  As another reviewer pointed out, this can double as a laser gun for an imaginative kid."
This is a fun little projector that shows images of fire works and also sounds associated with it. Use is in a dark room or place. It can be taken to the next level if the images also could give the illusion of movement/shape change. That will almost make it look real.
"This was a gift for our son's 6th birthday.  Last year, his brother got the Uncle Milton Moon in my Room and he was a bit jealous, so we thought this might off-set that.  He really liked figuring out the timing of the sounds with the pressing of the trigger to create the ""explosion.""  It only took him about 10 minutes to get the whole thing down - timing, rotating the red disc to get different images, etc.  Now he's asking about timing it to music ""like the fourth of july shows.""  So far, it's a hit. He's already talking about taking it on the next scout camping trip to show the boys.  Overall, I'd say this is fun, easy to use, and not so loud and irritating that you're going to want it throw it out a window - after all, the pictures can only be seen in the dark, so I would think that would limit how often you hear the sounds, etc."
"I bought this was hoping that it was going to be a spectacular indoor distraction during bad-weather days or sleepovers.  I probably had my hopes up a little bit more that they should have been, and that's my bad.  For approximately $20, you're not going to get ""spectacular.""What I did get is something which will keep a kid's or kids' attention(s) for a couple of minutes before they reach the ""it's really a gimmick"" understanding that kids get.  If you can present the showing of these fireworks with the unbridled passion of a Barnum & Bailey Ringmaster, it won't go much farther than that.There are eight different fireworks on the ""gun"", but there is only one sound effect.  It gets monotonous.  There's a red dial that runs almost all the way around the center of the gun that allows you to switch to another firework.  As I said, if you're an enthusiastic presenter and can choreograph the launches and fireworks, and perhaps add your own crowd reactions and explosion sounds, you can make this work for a few additional minutes.  Make some popcorn and I would give this ""light show"" three stars instead of two.I suppose the bottom line for me is that the success of this product will be based more on the way you make it an event over the actual performance of the toy."
"When I first received the Uncle Milton Fireworks Light Show, I really expected it to be a dud.  I was pleasantly surprised!  My 3 and 5 year old toy testers have been having a blast with it all afternoon. Sure, it makes noise, but no louder than any other toy.  My deal to them was that they could play with it in the playroom, but not anywhere else! &lt;;-) They made a tent and had fun telling 4th of July stories to each other. For a rainy day, I think they did awesome!  The toy has not been put down yet.  I am all for imaginative play and having fun.  I buy toys that make noise or don't. Yes, the number of ""slides"" you view is limited, but when you are young, you don't mind!  I wasn't expecting to really recreated a true fireworks show with this toy. After all, it is just that - a toy!  Have fun with it! Can't wait to have the kids run around tonight with it in the backyard!"
"My five-year-old was so excited to try this toy out he could barely wait for it to be dark enough to use. In fact, he couldn't wait, and we ended up taking it into a darkened room. Five minutes later he was bored, the toy discarded and I'm doubtful he'll ever pick it up again. And, frankly, I can't blame him.Basically this is a poorly designed slide projector with a few built in photos of fireworks that can be (barely) projected onto a wall or ceiling and each time you push the button to change the slide there is a dull, popping sound that, frankly, aren't half as good as the explosion noises my son makes himself when blowing things up during imaginary play.It feels incredibly cheap and I can't imagine even it's current lame ""function"" will last very long. Honestly, the batteries it takes to work are more valuable, and interesting, than the toy itself. (It's one of those that you look at and just know it's going to break in about 15 minutes.)All told, this toy resulted in basically two minutes of ""enjoyment"" looking at the fireworks, and another three minutes aiming it like a machine gun ... And that's about it in terms of entertainment value for any age. (In fact, I doubt an older child would have stayed interested even that long.)We have some other ""Uncle Milton"" items and they aren't all bad. (We love theUncle Milton Moon In My Room) But this ""fireworks light show"" is a huge miss."
The picture of the product with the boy with his mouth open looking amazed as he gazes toward the ceiling is deceptive. The visuals are not very impressive. The noises sound electronic and are not exciting. Projecting fireworks onto the ceiling sounds like it could be a cool idea, but the actual execution of it is rather dull and ordinary. This is one toy you can skip. Even the baby wasn't interested in it. I was interested in this because the kids really like Uncle Milton's Moon, but this is not in the same league.
