Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
This is a low-end remote-control aircraft that operates by varying the speed of the two propellers. The left joystick commands them simultaneously, in effect controlling pitch. The right joystick creates a speed differential in the two propellers, thus causing the craft to turn left or right. The handheld radio frequency controller takes six AA batteries and charges the aircraft. The aircraft is made mostly of styrofoam and is capable of short flying sessions on a single charge (five to ten minutes depending on whether you keep the aircraft aloft).Like most radio control aircraft, this one takes time to learn, but it can be mastered in two or three outings. You should try to fly it in a large open grassy area on a day with little wind; I recommend a football field. The craft is easily damaged, and though it can be repaired, you are probably best regarding this as a toy that will eventually succumb to its injuries and be turned into a nifty handheld fan. The directions stress that you should tap the joysticks to best control the vehicle. While I have no trouble with this, my seven year old son is still getting the hang of it. I find that this aircraft responds much better than similar low-priced models that use infrared rather than radio frequency.Just about all of the RC aircraft in this price range are, more or less, disposable craft. You have spend a bit more to move into quality RC aircraft (or be willing to build much of it yourself), but you will still find that flying takes time to learn and that models are always susceptible to severe damage. The Estes Viper is a fun toy, and depending on Amazon's discount, offers a way to try out RC aircraft without a big investment or committing yourself to a lot of equipment. I want to also note that the photos of the product make it look, to my eye, sturdier and sleeker than it really is.Many of there other reviewers have noted problems with sets without directions, or aircraft that simply did not work. We did not have any of those problems, but I'm sympathetic nonetheless.Cheers

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.09888219833374023,0.10220657289028168,0.09004911780357361,0.08559803664684296,0.10921768099069595,0.09022893756628036,0.10587742179632187,0.11290883272886276,0.093892902135849,0.11113829910755157
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
Was so excited to get this plane out of the box. But quickly my hopes were dashed by by this falling not flying plane.  Kids were disappointed that the plane ended up more often in the bushes then going in a straight line. Crash bang boom this is the plane of boom. Not even worth the price of free.
It looks like the determination will be that this toy airplane was manufactured on an overly optimistic whim that it would automatically fly level in large controlled ovals and land nose up.  However, in the real world where I live, the plane goes up and dive bombs right on its nose until it breaks in two.Prior to its flying catastrophe, among the 20 or so crash landings, it did manage two beautiful flights that awed my son and me.  This just made the crashes that much more painful.Like any good man and dad, I have applied elmer's glue and duct tape to the fuselage in hopes of a return to the soccer field.  I yearn for one more sweet flight. This may be wishful thinking and only setting myself up for disappointment.  I will report back.The plane did not come with instructions.  I contacted the estes via the website and received a pdf w/in 12 hours.  The instructions confirmed what I had figured out.  The left handle controls power...the right handle and the dial are completely useless -- at least in my world.My suggestion would be to find a naive friend to buy this airplane and use that one until you can fly it consistently without crashing it and then buy your own...you may actually need a few naive friends that don't know each other.I received this plane to try it out and post a review on Amazon.  I would be disappointed to have spent money on it. Admittedly, I live in an area (NE NC) that is usually windy.  I think this plane might actually fly decently in an environment with absolutely no wind such as a domed stadium.
The Estes Viper is designed to be a low cost and entry level remote controlled plane that anyone can easily fly. The body of it is made of hard Styrofoam and it's made to withstand many crash landings with minimal damage. The first time out we hit several tree's hard and it held up pretty well. It left a few dents but nothing major at all. The body of the plane is designed very well as far as durability goes. It comes with a controller that allows you to steer and control the speed. Keep in mind that this plane only steers by changing the speed of the propellers so there is no way to make sharp turns or do any type of stunts. The controller has good range because it has never gone out of range while we have been flying it. The controller has a cord that you plug into the plane and that is how you charge the plane. It only takes about half an hour and you are ready to fly again. That's a big plus for impatient kids that don't want to wait. The plan itself is a lot of fun to fly for a simple and inexpensive plane. It will fly well for about 20 minutes on a charge. This plane can only fly when there is not any wind or very little wind and you will need a very wide open space without power lines, trees or bodies of water nearby. I wouldn't even bother trying to fly it if there is much wind because you will probably regret it. This plane only has one major issue in my opinion and that is the cheap thin plastic propellers. Right now our plane will not fly at all because our plane crashed and when it hit the ground the propellers flew off and we almost lost them. After searching for 15 minutes we were finally able to find them but they seem to have been bent a little and the plane will not fly at all since that crash. The plane doesn't come with replacement propellers so it's useless right now. This plane has a lot of potential but is lacking in durability.
"I thought this plane looked really cool, and I was very excited about it.  I turned it over to my teenage son because he has a lot of experience flying various RC crafts, and he's quite good at it.  He took the Estes Viper outside, let it go, and we were both very impressed with its speed.  We both gasped and laughed with delight.  It took off like a bullet and flew around the back of the house with my son chasing after it.  Fortunately, it had crashed without damage.So my son took it back out front and tried it again.  Same thing happened.  Tried it again.  This time it landed on the neighbor's roof.  After retrieving it, my son had totally lost interest in flying it again.  ""You just can't control it,"" he complained.  If it were just ME trying to fly it, I would assume I just wasn't any good at it.  But he's actually pretty proficient with this kind of thing.  Yet he never bothered to try to fly it again.I still think it's a pretty cool plane, and I have not given up on it, but there are a couple of things to keep in mind:1)  Plan to only fly this plane when there is no wind.  It is very unstable and hard to control with even a little breeze.  Since it is usually a little windy where we live, this obviously presents something of a problem.2)  Only fly it in a very big, open space, like a soccer or football field, especially until you get the hang of the controls and what you can do with it.  If you try to fly it in your yard, street, or parking lot, you are going to regret it.If you keep those two points in mind, it's actually a neat plane."
I've had no better luck than the majority of the other reviewers.  I've been doing RC for decades, since the 80's.  I have many cars, planes, even a few helicopters.  And this thing just showed that nothing really matters if a product is poorly done.  Flimsy, poor design, just a complete waste of time and effort.  I don't know that much more can be said about it...  If there were a way to give zero stars, I would.
Like many other reviewers, I had no success with this item.  I tried holding it and tossing it many different ways.  But really, this product, like any other, should be rather intuitive to operate. You shouldn't have to work to find a secret technique.  But I tried to find a way to get it to work anyway.I suspect that this plane just doesn't produce enough thrust.  The propellers are tiny compared to other planes of this size, even if there are two.I had really great flights with a different plane, rubber band powered:White Wings AG Trainer Rubber Band Powered PlaneThis battery powered, remote control model should have had longer flights than a rubber band plane (you'd think, huh?).  But I never had a flight as long as the ol' rubber band powered plane listed above.  Its a pity.  Every flight it just glided down into the ground.I also do not like the 3 position off/charge/on switch.  I thought this was poorly labelled and it was easy to knock it into another position by accident.  But since the plane doesn't fly, that hardly seems to matter.I really think this product doesn't work, so you'll have to excuse me if I don't tell you all of the other things I don't like about it.  Since it doesn't fly, there doesn't seem to be much point in continuing this review...
"I was excited about the opportunity to review this radio-controlled airplane.  It looked cool and appeared to be easy to fly.  I was optimistic after my first charge.  The engines buzzed with a nice, high pitch, and the plane seemed to want to leap from my hands.  Things went downhill, literally, from there.I tried flying this plane on a day with a moderate breeze.  The plane loved to head to the ground.  I threw into the wind and it would fly a short distance and head for the ground.  After breaking a propeller and a small piece of the wing, it was time to quit for a while.  I glued the piece back on and waited for a calmer day.The second time I took this plane out, there was virtually no wind.  There was an occasional slight breeze, perhaps 1-3 miles per hour.  Once again, I tried launching into the wind, which quickly became launch into the ground.  I tried launching at a high angle at full power, which became launch into the ground at full power.  Sadly, during my attempts at getting this foam plane airborne, the upper wing broke.  I am going to try to glue the upper wing together and give a shot at flying when there is NO breeze, which is difficult in Indiana.  The wind blows most of the time.It is time to back up just a little.  This box says that you should read the instructions.  That would be fine, except there are no instructions in the box.  Fortunately, I have experience with RC airplanes and this one charged like my other planes.  The only principal difference was that the plane steers by ""thrust vectoring,"" which is a fancy way of saying that turning is accomplished by changing the engine speeds of the twin engines.There is a separate control for adjusting speed balance of the two engines.  I did this by holding the plane directly in front of me and listening to the pitch of the two engines.  To my surprise, the pitch was uniform when the knob was near center.  Therefore, the issues with flying I noted earlier should have had nothing to do with control settings.While it would have been nice to have instructions, I am unable to figure out what they would have told me that I did not already know.  Fly in an open area.  Fly when the wind is low.  Adjust the trim knob for straight flight.  My plane still plowed into the ground, and broke.I have reviewed many products on Amazon.  It seems like the vast majority of products, even those I have rated one star, have some sort of redeeming value that might appeal to someone.  In the case of this RC plane, which the box suggests is for ages 14 and up, I am unable to think of any reason to buy.  The box comes without instructions and the plane does not fly, even in low wind.  The plane looks good, but does not fly.  What sort of recommendation can I provide?Would you like to annoy a 14-year-old?  Buy this plane for that person.  I guarantee frustration and disappoint nearly immediately.Incidentally, if I am able to glue the wing back together, and this plane still does not fly, I am taking my new batteries out and trashing the whole mess.  Maybe I should send it back to Estes and they can figure out what they did wrong.Good luck!"
This is a low-end remote-control aircraft that operates by varying the speed of the two propellers. The left joystick commands them simultaneously, in effect controlling pitch. The right joystick creates a speed differential in the two propellers, thus causing the craft to turn left or right. The handheld radio frequency controller takes six AA batteries and charges the aircraft. The aircraft is made mostly of styrofoam and is capable of short flying sessions on a single charge (five to ten minutes depending on whether you keep the aircraft aloft).Like most radio control aircraft, this one takes time to learn, but it can be mastered in two or three outings. You should try to fly it in a large open grassy area on a day with little wind; I recommend a football field. The craft is easily damaged, and though it can be repaired, you are probably best regarding this as a toy that will eventually succumb to its injuries and be turned into a nifty handheld fan. The directions stress that you should tap the joysticks to best control the vehicle. While I have no trouble with this, my seven year old son is still getting the hang of it. I find that this aircraft responds much better than similar low-priced models that use infrared rather than radio frequency.Just about all of the RC aircraft in this price range are, more or less, disposable craft. You have spend a bit more to move into quality RC aircraft (or be willing to build much of it yourself), but you will still find that flying takes time to learn and that models are always susceptible to severe damage. The Estes Viper is a fun toy, and depending on Amazon's discount, offers a way to try out RC aircraft without a big investment or committing yourself to a lot of equipment. I want to also note that the photos of the product make it look, to my eye, sturdier and sleeker than it really is.Many of there other reviewers have noted problems with sets without directions, or aircraft that simply did not work. We did not have any of those problems, but I'm sympathetic nonetheless.Cheers
This is a fun plane but not durable at all.  Since there are no landing gear, you essentially have to crash the plane to get it down.  Within the first thirty minutes of using it, we had already broken one propeller during a crash landing.  It comes with two extra propellers but, at this rate, that will get us two more thirty minute play sessions at which point it will be useless (unless extra propellers are available to buy, and buying more for this plane seems a bit ridiculous.)Other issues are that the learning curve to fly is a little steep.  However, once you get the hang of it, it is really fun.  Also, the battery charge does not last long at all.Overall, I just think that the price of this plane is too high considering the lack of durability.  Unless you can figure out how to land this thing perfectly every time, the plane will quickly become unusable.  I'm sorry to say I can't recommend this unless you are just looking for one afternoon of fun.
"Summary: Estes recommends 14 and older - I'd say you'd have to be a pretty patient 14 year old to learn how to fly this, particularly without instructions.  It's a reasonably stable design which can be eventually flown with some level of control once you know what you're doing.Update: After several attempts at getting a replacement propellor, I have come to the conclusion that their customer service is not willing or able to assist.  That's too bad.  Between about 6-7 flying sessions and a total of maybe an hour of flight time, I now have a really cool paperweight!It's a good looking plane.  Black and red.  Unusual dual wing design.  Any kid who gets one is going to WET themselves with excitement. The actual practice is something different.The first sign of trouble was the bold lettering ""READ AND FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE ATTEMPTING TO FLY.""  Where are the instructions.  Bummer.  Went to their web site. Found a document which appears to be the manual but it sends you back to the main page, which seems to indicate that their web pate is borked.Having flown some similar RC helicopters and cars I pretty much knew the drill.  You have to have the plane set to off in order to charge.  Once charged the light goes and then you turn the plane and the radio on and you are good to go.How large a field do you need?  I'd suggest nothing smaller than a softball field.  I tried this in my backyard and immediately whacked into some trees at the end of the lot.  A few whacks later I broke one of the propellers.  Fortunately two spares were included- except that THE PROPS ARE HANDED - THAT MEANS YOU HAVE ONE SPARE FOR EACH SIDE.  WHEN REPLACING MAKE SURE YOU HAVE THE CORRECT ONE.  Fixed the prop (easy to do by carefully pulling it off then pushing the new one on.)I went to the nearest softball field.  Let me start by saying this is my first experience with this type of airplane, though I very unsuccessfully flew 2 a 2 meter sailplane about 20 years ago.  It took me about half an hour to get it to fly with some level of control, but since your turn and elevator are not independent you really have a problem at each turn.Don't let the fact that it is foam discourage you - it's pretty tough foam and despite the large number of crashes I have had, no major damage to the wings or body and it still flies. UPDATE - The body broke in half.  I was able to put it back together with a little Gorilla Glue and packing tape.  It still flies but the balance seems off, making it even harder than before to fly.  I take some of the blame since I was flying it in a stiff breeze - this meant the ground speed when it hit was quite a bit higher than it would have been if I had been flying it under calmer conditions.Tips on flying:1) Facing the wind, hold the plane up above your head, set to full throttle then let go.2) Don't try to turn too much - turn the stick to one side for only a second each time then tilt the stick in the opposite direction to flatten out the plane's attitude otherwise it will dive.3) When flying flat, don't go full throttle - let the plane flatten out so it's not climbing.  This is more stable as otherwise it will want to fall off to either side.4) If the plane starts to act up, check the batteries in the transmitter.  When charging the plane or flying, the LED's should be nice and bright.  If found that when the light should be bright red.5) Let the plane rest now and then - if you charge / fly / charge / fly one time after another it's not good for the battery.  My Air Hogs helicopter - which DID come with instructions - told me this.6) If you really have a hard time with it wanting to turn one way or another, you can trim the ""lean"" by adding some weight to the wingtip.  Note that you want to do this at the leading edge, closer to the fore/aft center of gravity.In looking at the competition, the Air Hogs RC planes are similar control (twin prop varying thrust with no separate rudder or stabilizer control) but all quite a bit more cost.  If Estes had included the instructions I think I would have rated it with 3 stars.If you have any questions or comments, or if you found this review helpful, please let me know!"
