Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
"I had no idea what to expect when I ordered this set. We only have one other LeapFrog product around the house that I know of. It got some use, but not as much as we were hoping.I was pleasantly surprised by this bundle, though. Just install the batteries and the Tag Junior is ready to interact with the ""If I Were..."" book. And there are tons of things to interact with---animals that make sounds, words to read...even the background window does something! I was amazed just by the sophistication of it all. How does it do that? And why didn't we have things this cool when I was little?We have three children, ages six, four, and sixteen months. Since this is marked for ages two to four, I originally thought it might be good for the youngest. (At least by Christmas time.) I couldn't resist letting all of them see it, though. The six-year-old was interested, but didn't want to wait in line. The youngest was intrigued, but during his first exposure was more of a spectator. This was primarily because the four-year-old took to it right away. She needed little instruction from me, and really enjoyed it. She didn't want to give it back, in fact. So this bundle may be more appropriate for the upper end of that age range, but I can't yet say for sure.I didn't find downloading other books to the Tag Junior to be a difficult at all. Install a bit of software, connect the Junior, and move books back and forth. The 8 Megs of memory is large enough to hold the ""Ready to Read"" seven book set along with the ""If I Were..."" book. If you want the ""Surprise for Scout"" book you'll have to swap something out. To me, that's the sole limitation of this system--the memory. Seems like about twice the installed size would be good. (Probably on the drawing board for Tag Junior, version 2.0)One thing I should highlight is the construction of the books themselves. They are made of very thick cardboard and the surface is easily cleanable. Just wipe the mess away. Important for a toy that will get lots of use from little, and not always clean, hands.All in all, this is a great learning toy. Amazing, actually. This bundle has everything you need at a great price. I highly recommend it!"

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.04093274846673012,0.03840353339910507,0.039550647139549255,0.039261478930711746,0.03506654128432274,0.03893435373902321,0.03855559974908829,0.038922034204006195,0.03509112074971199,0.038202278316020966,0.03504827246069908,0.03815247863531113,0.03967122733592987,0.039824340492486954,0.03790527954697609,0.0409976989030838,0.03801536560058594,0.03886881843209267,0.03810141235589981,0.03943292796611786,0.035662584006786346,0.036564286798238754,0.038717370480298996,0.04018348455429077,0.039121534675359726,0.04081252962350845
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
"This device has some major issues.  As someone who works on computers all day, the last thing I want is to come home and futz around with downloading whatever book my child wants to read.The real deal killer for this product is the tiny memory.  I was only able to fit some of books that it came with on its memory.  8MB is just a tiny bit of memory these days.  My child is playing with it.  So far it is not much different than our Story Reader.  The Story Reader is much easier to use, however.  The chances of me hooking up my computer and jumping through hoops each time we want to change books are tiny.Summary: 2/5 stars.  Not worth the trouble in my opinion.  If you want to know more.. keep reading.* Unpacking and Setup *First thing you need to do is get a computer and download the Leapfrog Connect application.  I did this on a mac.  After a fairly long download, you're given a long lawyer talk EULA (end user licensing agreement) to agree to..  So far, this is not how I like to play with a toy.  I connected the device via USB and it recognized it immediately and started downloading an update for its software.Next I'm told I need to provide a bunch of personal information and create a Parent Account.  Name, email, and year of birth are required.  I opt of of advertising emails and get an annoying Are You Sure dialog.  Yes, I'm positive.Next I need to create a profile for who is playing with the toy.  Age, month and year of birth, and name are all required.  I'm told this is to ""create age appropriate learning program"", but I'm feeling like this could be simplified.Next I click Finish, but am asked more questions.  Email addresses of family members to email learning updates to.  Optional survey questions about what types of smart phones I use...Now I'm given two choices  Personalize Tag Junior (name of child), or Download Audio (for the books you purchased).  I'm surprised we didn't already get the audio download with our software update... but I click on that one.Now I need to manually find every book I have and download the audio.  Unfortunately I have quite a few books, and the application has a bug where every letter you type into the search field shows up three times.  I finally find an audio file and download it but the device has powered off.  I turn it back on but it is not recognized.  I try again and it works.  Now there is Another update available.  Huh?  I just updated.Now I need to manually drag each manually download audio file to the device.  Ugh.Turns out the device only has 8MB available on it.  So only two books fit on it.  This is in the age of 8GB flash costing about 10 dollars.  This device has  one thousandth that amount of memory.  Wow.* Use *Of course my 3 year old picks the book that didn't fit in the device's memory.  ""Sorry, we can't read that one right now.""  We try Megs Pet, which stresses learning the ""short E sound"".  Basically she sets the reader on the page and it reads and or sings the story for her.  There are some interactive aspects where she is asked to place the reader on certain parts of the page.  So far thats about it.  I'll update this review if anything else is discovered while we play with this."
The best way for your child to learn to read is for you to read books to him/her.  Period.  Children learn all of the concepts of print, how to hold the book, turning pages from left to right, reading the top of the page first, etc., from watching other people read, especially mom and dad.  That being said, this toy is a fun enrichment activity that can engage children in books during their independent playtime.The bundle includes the Tag Jr reader, cord, carrying case, and 8 books.  As your child uses the reader, they can tap on the words to hear them or on other parts of the page to hear other noises or songs.  Our daughter enjoys playing with this since she has always enjoyed playing with books.  The online setup is unnecessarily long and the storage on the device is minimal, which is fairly irritating.  There is no reason the device couldn't have much larger memory.  Also, 6 of the books are phonics readers, which means the stories are not much to write home about.  Nonetheless, the cost of sturdy board books can add up, so when all 8 books are combined with the reader device, this is not a bad price for everything.  I would strongly suggest trying out the Tag Jr reader in a store to see if your child enjoys it before making the purchase.
"As soon as it came in, I was excited and gave it almost immediately to my son. He is really starting to love to read books with us and I'm not the most creative person, so reading with mommy gets boring for him. The Jr is great because it makes sounds that I can't make and makes the reading experience much more fun.This bundle pack comes with books, which honestly are the most expensive part of having the Tag reader systems.The storage case thing really isn't big enough for all the books, but it's good for taking in the car or something when you just want the reader and a few books. It was also easy for little hands to carry.The Jr reader is really easy to operate for the kid and the adult. A software download is required for putting the books on the reader, but it's not that big a deal.All in all, this is a nice way to get little kids reading and interested in books. It's a great ""my first"" reader product.OH! The books will work with the Tag reader system once your kiddo is older and moves into the other system. They read a little different (at least that's what I experienced with my older son's reader) but it's good to know that if your kid gets really attached to a book, you can continue to use it in the future."
Whether you should buy this product or not depends on a few things really, so I'll get the simple one out of the way first. Does your child enjoy the Leapfrog learning toys and books? If they do, and have been using them for a little while, then by all means go for this bundle. It's a fantastic deal, comes with way more than I was expecting (the shipping box for this bundle is massive) and will keep your child busy for a while with all the books included here. However, if your child hasn't used the Leapfrog products before, or doesn't stay interested in them for very long, this probably isn't going to change their mind. At the same time, I can't help but wonder when teaching children how to read suddenly went from being taught by parents to being taught by a big talking pen.I was blown away by how long it took to get this thing set up. After downloading the Leapfrog Connect application, I had to go through a long agreement, and then wait for an update to the software. Then I got to make an account for myself, then a profile for my daughter, where personal data/stats are needed. After this, you'd think everything would be done, right? Nope! An optional survey pops up, as well as a window for email addresses of family members to get updates about the Tag Jr. I suggest doing all of this when your kid is doing something else, or asleep, so they don't expect everything to be working right away after unpacking. When all of this is finally done, you have the option of personalizing the Tag Jr. or downloading audio for the books. This is where the big disappointment comes in- the Tag Jr. has all of 8mb of memory. I agree with the other reviewers who bring up how cheap an 8gb flash drive is these days, and wonder why they couldn't have given us more. Only a few books can fit on the Reader, and I wouldn't be surprised if there are some books out there that take up all of the memory.Aside from those annoying issues, the products included here are pretty good. You get a ton of books, the Reader, and the carrying case, all of which are durable and look cute. The Reader is the perfect size for children in the recommended age group, and the audio comes out clearer than a lot of other talking toys released these days. I'm still not big on using something like this to teach your kids how to read, but this is one you could count on. It doesn't go through batteries like crazy either, which surprised me big time. But the most important thing is how it works, and everything works like it should and you can do different things in each book. While this bundle is a great deal, I'd still recommend getting a few 'real' books with longer sentences to keep the child's interest since the ones in this set are very basic.Normally I'd go on about the product more, but I ended up giving this bundle to someone who didn't have much and wanted their child to learn how to read since they're having trouble with it. So I only had this set for a short time, but still say it's worth your money.
This Tag Jr. Learning system is both fun and educational. It is very easy to use and my toddler enjoys it. This bundled package comes with the Tag Jr reader, 7 books and a carrying case. The case is easy for a toddler to open and provides adequate storage for both the reader and several books. The books are designed to teach pre-readers.  I love the introduction to phonetic awareness with the short vowel series. (The characters look a bit strange, but my child seems to enjoy the stories). There is only one book in this series with the familiar Scout character. My only complaint is the memory. The Tag Jr. only holds a few books. If your child is older than 2, I would consider just getting the regular Tag system. We certainly play with the Tag more and that system also offers the introduction to reading series. The Tag pen holds over twice as many books and has books to assist with writing also. The maps for the tag are great too.
My now 7-year-old daughter got a regular Tag as a gift when she was about 5.  I was initially skeptical of it, but I found that I really liked some of the features of it.  In addition to reading the text, her Tag books also included games that helped build understanding of vowel sounds, helped encourage exploration of the pictures, etc.  Once she started learning how to read in school and I saw how well the Tag books matched the curriculum, I was pretty well sold.  Due to the experience with my daughter's Tag, I was also already acquainted with some of the downsides of the Tag, downsides which I found apply to both the regular and toddler versions.The first important thing to note is that the Tag unit will only store the books that you download to it via USB connection to your computer.  Whenever your child receives a new Tag book, you will have to log into the Tag softwar, and download that book to your child's Tag in order for them to be able to use it.  I don't really find this to be a big hassle as the Tag software is pretty user-friendly, and the download speeds are decent.  However, this is more of an issue with a toddler.  When my 5-year-old got new books, I could explain to her that I had to add them to her Tag and she'd just have to be patient while I did so.  That's not really something that's as easy to convey to my 2-year-old son.  This isn't really meant as a complaint on my part, though, just as a general heads up to anyone considering buying one of these.My biggest criticism of the Tag is its lack of storage.  While I don't expect it to be able to store every last book out there, I don't see any reason why it couldn't have a larger memory so that it could store more than 4-5 books.  Again, it was easy enough to explain to my daughter that, if she wanted to use a book that wasn't currently on her Tag, I would have to delete one of the others and add the new one and, again, this isn't something that can easily be done with a toddler.  What I suggest is simply putting away the books that aren't on the Tag and then periodically switching them out when your child isn't around.  This may not be a perfect solution, but it's workable.  Still, I do think Leapfrog needs to look at either adding more storage capacity to their Tags or making them expandable.  Since my daughter's Tag is several years old, I'd have expected this problem to have been solved by this newer generation of Tag, but that's not the case.A word of advice: be sure to have an extra set of 2 AAA batteries on hand.  While I don't think the Tag drains batteries any more rapidly than normal, it is a good idea to have another set ready to go in case the batteries run out.  The unit will explicitly tell you when the batteries need to be replaced.  An older toddler could likely pass this information along to you, but my 2-year-old doesn't, so either the unit dies and he comes wailing to me, or my daughter tells me it's about dead or I happen to hear the message in passing.  This is more of an FYI than anything, as I certainly don't hold Leapfrog responsible.  Unlike other battery-operated toys, at least this one has the decency to inform you when it would like its batteries replaced.One of the features of the toddler Tag that I really like is that you can program it with your child's name so that the Tag will greet your child by name each time they turn it on or off.  I'm not sure this was available with my daughter's; I certainly don't remember ever adding her name.  My son's name is common, so it wasn't a problem to add his.  It looked like you could customize it yourself if your child's name isn't in the database, though.Another cool feature of the Tag units in general is that, when you hook them up to the PC, you can download data off the Tag that will tell you how often your child has read each book, when they last used it, as well as various and assorted other stats (for older kids: how many answers they got correct on the games that are built into each book).  This is a nice tool.  It could help you recognize where your child may have some difficulties and I also found, at times, that I was very pleasantly surprised by the data I received.The bundle is very nice.  Along with the unit and the book that comes with the unit, the bundle includes the little house-shaped carrying case, a set of seven books that are built around particular grammatical concepts (short vowels, etc.), and a book about a puppy called Scout.  The case is a bit small as it only holds maybe 3-4 books as well as the unit, so it's not really a storage solution for at home.  This isn't a big deal as we just put the rest of the books in a book shelf to which our son has easy access.  The case is nicely padded, though, and is good for car trips, going out to a restaurant, etc.  It seems like it would protect the Tag well if it took a minor beating on the way.We have yet to use the book that came with the tag as I was only able to fit the vowel set and the Scout book on the Tag.  The books in the vowel set are a little shorter than a regular book, and they're built around one specific vowel sound per book.  There are little jingles and songs that go with each of these and, though my son loves them, I have to say that I think they're kind of obnoxious.  I like the Scout book a lot more, which also has songs, but they're not as annoying to me.The Tag Jr. has really been a big hit.  My son absolutely adores it.  He already calls it by name, knows how to turn it on and off, and has figured out which button is the volume button (had I designed the unit, I'd have put that button under the battery door so that only a parent could adjust the volume).  He will literally sit for an hour or more playing with the Tag.  Unfortunately for me, he tends to get stuck in a loop and will play the same book over and over.  I'm glad he likes it, though, and plan on buying him more books as Christmas and birthday gifts.
"My kids are first starting to get used to this.  I have ""Irish Twins"" who fit into the age bracket of this. Amazon was not stingy with the amount of books included in this set.  I did not see the same offered in local stores by me, but perhaps I didn't look hard enough.The problem my kids have is they are accustomed to the iPad and computer for audio.  I didn't buy them an iPad, but they fell fell in love with mine. As much as they appreciate technology, they love old fashioned books.Having said that, this is a great option for assisting in verbal skills because they will repeat the words.  So that alone is a great skill.The one beef I have with this, and another reviewer pointed this out, the memory is very weak. It would be great if the capacity was higher so you could story more books.Otherwise this is a handy addition to take on vacation or to grandma's."
I have used several Leapfrog toys over the years with my children, and have always been very satisfied with their products. The Tag Junior product is no exception.This package included the Tag Junior Reader (with book), USB cable, Scout and Friends book, a 7-piece Ready to Read phonics book set, and a soft case for storage of all the items. The books are thick board books with glossy pages, suitable for small hands, just like the wide grip on the reader.The reader requires two AAA batteries, which are not included. After installing the batteries and connecting the reader to my computer, I was able to go from box to play within 30 minutes. If you already own a Tag reader or Leapster Explorer device, the USB cable is exactly the same for all devices, so you can just use one of your older cables. You will not need to switch cables to connect other devices. After you turn the Junior on, you will be prompted to download the Connect software. Once the software is installed, you will need to download the audio portions for your books, then upload them to the reader. After the upload is complete, you can disconnect the reader and your child is off to play with it.You can personalize the reader by adding your child's name. A small boy's voice will use their name when announcing a greeting or action to perform.There were no conflicts with other Leapfrog devices I already own. We use the Tag reader and Leapster Explorer. I was able to use all of them connected to the same computer without software issues. You do need to install a separate Connect component for each device, and your computer will detect the correct device when you turn it on while attached to the USB cable and then load the correct applet to control your reader or Explorer.There are no small cartridges to buy or store. The reader uses books, and you simply download the audio from the Connect application when you purchase a new book. The reader can hold up to 8MB of data. The Scout book, for example, was 1MB. The entire phonics seven book set was 3.6MB.Once again, I am very satisfied with the quality, durability, and educational value of Leapfrog products.
"Tag Junior Bundle includesTag Junior case - which holds the reader but not the complete set of books included in the bundle6 - short vowel sound books1 - If I Were storybook1 - Scout and Friends storybook1- USB cordProsPersonalization--the device will say your child's nameThe books are easy to find onlineThey download and upload quicklyOther reviewers have commented about the hassle of creating an account and loading the books onto the device. While it would be a perfect product if the books included came loaded on the device so that once your child opens the reader it would work, it really isn't that difficult or time consuming to get set up. If you opened the set up somewhere without internet one book is already preloaded on the device reader but beware if you were going to purchase this set for a long road trip and give it as a gift and you didn't have access to the internet you would have one disappointed child. And while it is a nuisance to fill out the profile information it is fun for your child when the device talks them using the child's name.The carrying case is a nice storage solutionThe voice on the reader is clear and easy to understand, the sound is not muddledConsLack of included softwareSmall device memoryRequires internetVery short USB cord lengthThe cost of the individual booksThe bundle is definitely the most cost-effective way to purchase this product, buying each book for $10 would make this system cost prohibitive for most familiesThe short vowel sound books are good for education: the emphasis is on the short vowel sound ""Al wears a hat and taps on a mat"" and the child is asked to repeat after the reader.The storybooks are less educational in that the device just reads the story. The child, however, can place the device anywhere on the page and the device will tell the child about that picture.My grandson is 17 months old and seems to really like the leap frog tag junior. Although his attention span is short, he enjoys placing the reader on the book and hearing the sounds. His favorite part is when they play songs and he can get up and dance. I definitely think this will be of more educational benefit when he is a little older but for now it is a fun introduction to phonics and reading.This basic set makes great gift and then additional books could be given for subsequent occasions. Those extra books, such as:LeapFrog Tag Junior Book - Toy Story 3: To Imagination and BeyondorLeapFrog Tag Junior Book: Curious George Color Funcan be purchased from amazon (or other stores such as Target, Toys R Us) as well and there are lots of titles to choose from."
I didn't like how the books are short and overly simplified with no story. It makes them boring to read so there is no incentive to want to deal with the whole setup procedure. Overall, the system just seems overly complex with minimal reward.
"We set Tag Junior up with our smallest grandson who is 3 years old and is starting his second year of FunSchool.  He has played with LeapFrog products before, notably the Didj, which he has taken care of for over a year now.  He can be pretty obsessive about playing it and it seems to me that it is, albeit only slightly, better than the GameBoys and DSes.  He is interested in learning to read, which makes this timely for him.  He often `reads' books to his two year sister when she is in bed for a nap or for the night.One of the funniest things is watching how creeped out Miles got from the voice saying his name at the end of statements when he turned Tag on and off.  ""Let's read, Miles.""  ""That was fun, Miles.  ""I love reading with you, Miles.""  ""You're back, Miles!""  ""Catch you later, Miles.""  ""Can we read again later, Miles?""The other thing that was funny was that as soon as he learned to place the Tag Junior on the words, the second thing he did was make it stutter.Tag Junior feeds a child's desire to read.  It is consistent in providing the words on the page no matter how many times he puts the Tag on the page.  Miles knows his letters and the sounds attached to the letters, which is a very important part of learning to read. The repetitive task of sounding out words is one that this Tag Junior and books does very well. This book goes a long way in helping sound out words, although it seems to do it when you put the Tag Junior on the picture instead of the word.  I found that a little contradictory and inconsistent, which is somewhat problematic while teaching children to read.We have gone through the entire range of Leap Frog toys which have always been reliable and of the best quality.  I have always found it interesting how seriously the children take the Leap Frog products -- especially the `laptop'  computers. They are absorbed, intent, determined to complete the tasks.  The interactive effect of these on children is to pull them in and absorb their attention.  This is a far cry from learning the letters on the page and sounding them out.As a Reading Specialist and as a parent and grandparent, I have found that the one-to-one attention that the Leap Frog devices give children is beneficial.  No, of course it does not replace the one-to-one attention from parents and teachers, but a small amount of Leap Frog everyday nourishes children who are learning to read, or even pretending to read."
Although designed for 2-4 year olds, our 15 month old has enjoyed using the Tag.  Once you get the Tag set up, it's easy to use.  To use the Tag, you press its base against each page of the included books and the device reads the text.  The books in this set are designed around each of the vowell sounds, a-e-i-o-u and use simple and fun characters.  This is not a substitute for reading to your kids, but I would think it wouldn't hurt as an additional way to teach them to read.  Now, the downside is that the Tag memory does not come ready to go.  You have to connect it to the internet and download the content for each book.  It is tedious but not too difficult to figure out.  The other downside is that the memory is limited.  So, the device won't hold the content for all the books that come with the set.  Despite the negatives, this is a neat idea and something fun and educational for kids.
Ever since getting the Tag Jr. Bundle, my 3 year old daughter has been obsessed with it. She actually begs to play with it at all hours of the day and night. Unfortunately, even though she likes it, she doesn't seem to be grasping the point of the toy, no matter how many different ways I try to show her.She understands that you put the book pal on the book and it talks. She doesn't understand that it is reading the book to her. She's banging the pal all over the page, not even caring what is being said or why which makes me wonder how this could possibly be educational play. At least it's durable and holds her attention. Most of the books included in the bundle play a song at the end of the story, so my daughter's main goal in playing with the toy is to make the pal sing.It keeps her happy and busy, and for that I can't complain. My huge issue with the Tag Jr. and all Leapfrog products is the extremely short USB cord that they come with. The cord that comes with this particular bundle is the shortest I've seen so far, even shorter that the Leapster2 cords. It is impossible to plug into the back of my computer. Luckily, Leapfrog products use the same cords as PS3 game controllers and I have been able to use the video game cord when it's necessary to connect the products to the computer.
My personal philosophy is that good educational toys have good Return On Investment (ROI).  This Leapfrog Tag Jr bundle is a good educational toy.I've always been impressed with Leapfrog - in my experience they have for the most part made well thought out, good qualilty, high tech educational toys.  This bundle is no exception although it has a more limited age range.  The little tikes in my extended family have enjoyed playing with this and been learning a few things before they start hitting the school books.  They enjoy tapping the words and listening to the sounds - has been some repeated play thus far.There is some parent setup/ management needed - would like to see that minimized more.  Bundled set does offer good value savings.  Overall I give it 4 stars with 1 star deducted for setup management efforts and also cost considering limited age range usage.
I was so happy to be offered this as part of the Vine program.  Almost instantly, when my youngest grandson, saw he had the Tag Junior - he stopped trying to take away his older brother's version of the tag.  No fighting as they both sat on either side of me on the couch, while I helped them read their books.  Absolute heaven for a grandma that really hates screaming and fighting.Like it's big brother The Leapfrog Tag, software and the contents of the books had to be downloaded before the Tag Jr. could be used.  Unlike it's big brother, the Tag Jr. is limited to 8 megabytes of memory, so all the books that came with the system cannot be loaded at the same time.  For me, if this is sold as a kit - all books should be able to be placed on the Tag Jr that are included in the price.The only other problem I had with this system is that the batteries are extremely hard to install.  I understand Leapfrog's reasoning for this, but it would be much better if the system had rechargeable batteries that could be charged using the USB port or a electrical USB adapter. This issue alone kept me from giving the Tag Jr. a 5 star rating.Overall, my grandson liked it (so much he wanted to take it home - lots of tears when he was told it stayed at ganma's house). He spent hours on the couch finding things like rugs, lamps and other objects in the pictures and his eyes lit up every time the Tag Jr. told him he was right.  The stylus was easy for him to manipulate and there are no sharp edges or points that could break or otherwise hurt him while playing.The books are made of heavy card stock and are colorful and enticing (while not the best drawn).  The included carrying case will hold the Tag Jr. and four or five books depending on how thick they are - making the kit great for a road trip.  Be sure to bring along extra batteries.) The included USB cord works with both the Tag Reader and the Tag Jr., so if you have both you only have to keep track of one.  On satellite internet connection, the software does take a bit of time to download, but by the time I had the batteries in place, the download was ready to install.  Once set up- navigation was realively easy, if slow due to our connection speeds. (Not everyone has high speed connections - I can only imagine how long this would have taken if we were still on dial-up.)The Leapfrog Tag Jr. is a good value and a great way of introducing your toddler to word concepts and reading. (Sure beats flash cards).  I would recommend this product to both grandparents and parents alike with children in this age group.
"I had no idea what to expect when I ordered this set. We only have one other LeapFrog product around the house that I know of. It got some use, but not as much as we were hoping.I was pleasantly surprised by this bundle, though. Just install the batteries and the Tag Junior is ready to interact with the ""If I Were..."" book. And there are tons of things to interact with---animals that make sounds, words to read...even the background window does something! I was amazed just by the sophistication of it all. How does it do that? And why didn't we have things this cool when I was little?We have three children, ages six, four, and sixteen months. Since this is marked for ages two to four, I originally thought it might be good for the youngest. (At least by Christmas time.) I couldn't resist letting all of them see it, though. The six-year-old was interested, but didn't want to wait in line. The youngest was intrigued, but during his first exposure was more of a spectator. This was primarily because the four-year-old took to it right away. She needed little instruction from me, and really enjoyed it. She didn't want to give it back, in fact. So this bundle may be more appropriate for the upper end of that age range, but I can't yet say for sure.I didn't find downloading other books to the Tag Junior to be a difficult at all. Install a bit of software, connect the Junior, and move books back and forth. The 8 Megs of memory is large enough to hold the ""Ready to Read"" seven book set along with the ""If I Were..."" book. If you want the ""Surprise for Scout"" book you'll have to swap something out. To me, that's the sole limitation of this system--the memory. Seems like about twice the installed size would be good. (Probably on the drawing board for Tag Junior, version 2.0)One thing I should highlight is the construction of the books themselves. They are made of very thick cardboard and the surface is easily cleanable. Just wipe the mess away. Important for a toy that will get lots of use from little, and not always clean, hands.All in all, this is a great learning toy. Amazing, actually. This bundle has everything you need at a great price. I highly recommend it!"
"So far I've been impressed by LeapFrog toys, and my two year old son has loved the ones he has (Scout, LeapTop). He loves books, so this seemed like an ideal gift for him. He does like it quite a bit. While it didn't become an instant favorite, I think it will be a toy with long-term appeal. It's great for occupying him in places where he needs to be still - though of course, not particularly quiet, since it makes noise.The toy itself is what I expected. Touch it to the words on the page and it reads the page; touch it to pictures for other audio, like characters talking. How much a child likes it probably depends a lot on whether they like to look at books or be read to. The 2-4 age range seems right.Set-up experience seems reasonable to me for what the toy does, but do be aware it requires adult set-up with a computer and internet access. I'd suggest installing batteries, setting it up and carefully rewrapping it before gifting to a child. (Of course that could make it hard to return.) You do have to download the audio each book and load it on the Tag Jr before it can ""read"" the hard copy.It is worth noting that the book pal doesn't have enough memory to be programmed to read all the books included here, let alone adding more. It will handle about 5 books - but the Ready to Read audio is one download about the size of 3.5 books, so it doesn't leave room for the other two. The downloads can stay on your computer, but you'll have to shuffle them off/on the Tag Jr. (I suggest leaving the books whose audio is loaded in the case and stashing others somewhere else.)The carrier is cute and convenient - nice to have, but not a ""must"". It's slightly cramped, and would not hold all the books included here.The book ""If I Were..."" comes packaged with the book pal; it's cute and gender neutral.  ""Scout and Friends"" also comes in this bundle; children may like it more if they are already familiar with LeapFrog's Scout or Violet characters. The ""Ready to Read"" book set is definitely aimed at phonics - less entertaining, but educational for children who are ready to learn short vowel sounds.I'm pleased with the Tag Junior itself, and the rest is a pretty complete starter package. I have no major complaints with the individual components. However, do the math and see if the package is a deal for you. At time of writing this review, package price represents only a modest savings over buying the same products individually. With that in mind, it may well be smarter to buy the Tag Jr. (get your pick of style/color) plus the case and one or two extra books you think your child will like the most."
I was very excited to come across this bundle and even nore excited to discover how much is included! In total you get nine books, the reader, and carrying case. Not bad for under $60! I found that the reader was very easy to set up and didn't take too much time. As promised there are lots of different thing you can do with each book, my 5 year old is even finding this interesting! I love the carrying case, it makes it easy to keep the leap frog books seperate for all the other books my kids own. So far the only drawback is that the tag reader does not hold all the books at once. It is fairly easy to get on the computer and switch out the books but I have a three month old so I don't get much time to get on my computer these days. Other than that I can't find anything wrong with it!
At first I did not know how my 2 year old would adapt to scanning books with the little toy. But I was amazed at how quickly he learned that each piece of the page made a different noise. I was impressed myself. Mostly because I didn't have to hear the same sound repeated over and over again which he likes to do on some toys. He was even repeating some of the words from the audio toy as well which I thought was good because he's not much of a talker.I was also impressed with the Leap Frog application. It was quick to download, easy to use, and it was cool how you can customize the toy for your own child. Leap Frog does an outstanding job with their toys. We already own the Leap Top and our son plays on it constantly. The Tag Junior is another winner from this innovative toy company.
We are major fans of the Leapfrog line. When my son was a baby, we got the Learn and Groove musical table which he loved. When he got older, we got the Fridge Phonics Alphabet set, which he stills plays with to this day (and perhaps years to come). Recently, we even got the My Own Storytime Pad which he adores and lugs around with him. So you can imagine I was excited to get this, expecting great things.I was very disappointed.Maybe my expectations were too high, I don't know. My son is turning three in two months so he's right smack in the middle of the age recommendations, this should be ideal for him but he's not able to play with this independently. That's the major drawback for me. He likes the books and wants ME to read to him, which I do. But when I show him how to do it himself, he pushes it away. He doesn't play with this toy unless I suggest it to him and even then, not for long.I think he doesn't like it for several reason. When the reader turns on, it makes a freaky noise. I don't know, maybe other kids like it but it is very startling, even when the volume is on low. Also, it requires a lot of prior knowledge on the kid's part. My son doesn't know to go through the book sequentially, doesn't know to put it next to the words to make it read the text. He just plops the reader here and there so the text is read out of order, or when he plops it on a picture, the reader will ask him questions or make comments that are not in the text, which is confusing. It's a reader but since it makes comments and such, the kids don't know which is which.On the parent side, I connected the Tag Jr. to my computer and downloaded the books, and I personalized it to his name but I couldn't get the name to take. Whenever we turn it on, it asks us to personalize it again. The batteries were also a pain to put in. Maybe I'm doing it wrong but it took a lot of muscle and coordination to shove that plastic barrier up, continue to hold it up while squeezing the batteries in there.Don't get me wrong, there were things that I DID like. The reader was perfectly sized for his hands, the storage tote is adorable and everything fits snugly in. The books were simple and easy to understand. If nothing else, he likes the books and repeatedly asks me to read them to him.All in all it's not a bad toy, it's just not the toy for my son right now. Perhaps he's just not developmentally ready for this even though he's within the age range. I'll bust it out next year and see if he likes it any better.
"The LeapFrog Tag Junior reading system is an interesting concept and employs some really cool technology, but is it worth the price tag?First off, what it is:  You'll find in your package a little white robot that when held over certain parts of the included books, it will read the word or provide simple interactions.  Toddlers will love it initially, zooming ""Roboto"" all over each page, hunting for the ""easter eggs"".  This novelty doesn't last long -- a couple of times through each book at most.  The intent of the set is to encourage reading by word sight/sound recognition and comprehension.  The kids who test-drove this set for me were more interested in the ""magic"" of the technology.  The books just aren't very interesting, visually or linguistically, and therefore won't hold the kids' attention.  (My entry for the suggestion box would be for LeapFrog to start with great books and retrofit them for the system.)The on-board memory of Roboto is sadly very small.  You'll be able to load up about 5 of the VERY SIMPLE included books or 2 of the somewhat more interesting books you can buy later.  The process of loading new books into Roboto requires you to open him up, hook him up to your computer, download then new book from the internet, erase his old memory, and upload the new book.  LeapFrog's interface for doing this is no user-friendly.  I sincerely doubt any kid will be able to do this for themselves, especially not those who are at the reading level these books target.  If your child wants to interact with a book that's not loaded on Roboto, tough cookies (that is, until Mom or Dad goes through the process listed above).  My play-testers found this to be very frustrating -- they couldn't understand why a book that worked yesterday doesn't work today.  Nothing kills interest in a toy quicker than when it's perceived to not be working.  (I rated this unit as being 2/5 Stars for ""Fun"".  That's a rating for the kids.  It's a 0-1/5 Stars for parents.)While this concept is really neat, it's shortcomings overshadow its intended usefulness.  Looks like we should stick with good old fashioned reading to our kids."
"I absolutely love the Leapfrog Tab Jr. Bundle, and so does my 4 year old daughter. The Tag Jr. can be personalized by connecting the USB cable to your PC and selecting your child's name from a huge list on the Leapfrog network. This makes it so that every time the Tag Jr. and your child read together then they have a one on one experience.  My daughter particularly enjoys that the Tag Jr. says her name when she switches it on or off and also says it correctly.  The Tag Jr itself has enough memory built in to download audio for 7 books in the set which you must do before you use it so it will read out aloud.  In some ways this isn't enough memory but you can remove and add books whenever you want to.The bundle comes with 8 tag books, a USB cable, a carrying case and the Tag Jr. The books include ""If I Were..."" , ""the Scout and Friends"", and ""Get Ready to Read"" a seven book set. The carrying case can fit 7 books at a time, plus the Tag Jr and the USB cable. I would highly recommend this to anyone who wants to introduce their child into the wonderful world of reading."
"First, to be more clear than the title, the ""set of four"" means:(1) The Tag Jr. itself (which includes the reader and a cord for your computer - the same cord as other Tag devices - and one short book titled ""If I Were..."" but DOES NOT include the required 2 AAA batteries)(2) The carrier case(3) The ""Scout and Friends: A Surprise for Scout"" book(4) The Get Ready to Read seven-book setThose are the four items they mean by ""set of four.""We already have one Tag Junior, but with two preschoolers, it's nice to have another so they can each have one. Plus our first one had maxed out in memory, so we can now have our entire library of Tag Jr. books covered between the two ""froggies,"" which is the name my kids have given the readers.  Each device will only store 8MB of books, and each book varies in file size - we have seven on our first Tag Junior, but the manufacturer only promises that five will fit. For this set, though, all nine of the included books fit with room for one or two more!) It wasn't too hard to take books on and off as needed before we had two, though, so I wouldn't have gotten a second one if I didn't have two children using the Tag Junior.I've obviously come to terms with it, but I do consider it to be a major flaw that these only hold 8MB of data. Memory is not very expensive anymore, so there's no reason to cap it so low. We got our first Tag Junior within months of them entering the market, so I hoped by now that a higher memory version would be available.I love everything else about the reading system, though. I saw that one reviewer didn't like that this was computer-linked. However, I manage all the computer-related actions (downloading books to the device, etc), so for my kids this serves as a tool to help them feel like they're reading independently. It's also a great activity to occupy a child. (The older kids' version, the Tag reader, can also be used with headphones for a quiet activity, but this one doesn't accommodate that.)I'm even more excited to have the reading book set too, which is great for my four-year-old daughter but pretty boring for my two-year-old son since he's not yet ready for that and since the books use few, short words because they're meant a primer readers and not real story books. We already have theLeapFrog Sing-Along Read-Along, which has a DVD and paper (not board) books that match this Tag Junior set of books. The Sing-Along Read-Along Set has twelve books, whereas this only includes seven of those, but it's still helpful to be able to approach the same sounds from different tools/books/DVDs. Previously, my four-year-old daughter needed to come to me to double-check if she was reading a word correctly; now she can check it by herself with the Tag Junior. It's not necessary - it did work just fine for her to ask me! - but she is more confident when she can check all by herself. As preschoolers get older, they like to gain independence; as they're learning to read, this can bridge the gap, allowing independence as a child is becoming independent as a reader (but before he/she actually *is* at that level of independence).In case you also have the Sing-Along Read-Along Set, the books that match are Book 1: Us (Character Names), Book 2: Al Can (Short A), Book 4: Dig It (Short I), Book 7: The Jog (Short O), Book 9: Meg's Pet (Short E), Book 10: The Tub (Short U), and Book 12: Get on the Bus (review of short a, e, i, o, u). The books aren't exactly identical - for example, the last page of Book 1: Us is missing from the Tag Junior board book version - but they're close enough. The books they didn't include in the Tag Junior version were just extra practice of each sound (a second book for the short a, short i, short o, short u, and short e sounds), and I think it will help my daughter to have some that she can use the Tag Junior version with and others that she'll have to work through with me.Because the reading books are meant to help a child read and not meant to play games (like a lot of the other books are designed for), younger kids might not enjoy them as much. One plus, though, is that without activities the whole set only takes up 3.6MB of space - leaving about half of the Tag Junior reader free for other books! Younger readers will enjoy the Scout & Friends book (which tells a story and also teaches about positional words, like ""under,"" ""through,"" and ""on"") and the If I Were... book (which tells an imaginative story and has games/activities built it).I think the house carrier is a must-have for Tag Junior sets. When we bought our first one, they were hard to find - I'm glad to see that they're now included in sets like this one.Finally, I do think kids who are four or five might prefer the Tag set instead of the Tag Junior, so if you're buying for that age group, you'll get more years and enjoyment out of it if you get the older kids' version. I haven't used the learn-to-read sets of books that you can get for those, but I would guess that they would be similar."
"I gave this to my daughter shortly after she turned 2 years old.  I showed her how to use the Tag Jr. device with one of the special books, and she understood very quickly how to do it herself.  She loves to read to herself, and happily exclaims ""I did it"" when she finishes a book.The product seems very sturdy.  The Tag Jr. device has gotten thrown, dropped, and stepped on and still looks and performs like new.  The books are sturdy as well, and are surviving the abuse of my toddler so far.  The case is nice, although it could have been just a little larger so it could accommodate all of the books that come with this set.My only complaint with this product is the tiny amount of memory space to store the books.  It is only 8MB.  The books vary in file size, so it can fit about 5 books.  If the books are short, it can fit slightly more.  I was not able to install all of the books that come with this set, due to lack of memory space.  My daughter is not old enough to understand that only some of her books will fit on the device, so I have to hide the books that we do not currently have downloaded.  Memory is very inexpensive, so I do not understand why the manufacturer did not install enough memory to hold a few more books."
My 2 year old granddaughter loves this! She loves that there are multiple books she use with the reader and they are hard books with bright colors.  The little talking guy (reader) is perfectly shaped for their little hands.  The only downside is that I can only download 5 books on the reader...but it came with more books than that...so she doesn't understand why it works on some but doesn't work on others.  The zipper case is really nice, holds all the books and the little reader guy and then zips up with a small handle on the double zipper.  It is pretty sturdy because she has been carrying it around without any problems.  This is the first LeapFrog brand toy that I have gotten her but I would certainly consider buying more of them.  Nice and sturdy and easy to use.
I was very excited to receive this present, since I thought it would be a great educational tool for preschool children.  I was wrong.  First, I had to spend over one hour figuring out how to configure the Leapfrog Tag Jr. Device and upload books onto it.  The website is not very intuitive.  Once I got it working, a group of preschool children tried it out.  They were not impressed.  In fact, they had more fun putting the books into the carrying case than actually playing with the device itself.The Leaprog device reads the words on a page when the bottom of it touches the page on the Leapfrog books.  This means that the child needs to know how to touch the device properly to each book page.  The two year-olds who I saw use the device could not do this.  Some of the three year-olds managed to use the device properly, but they were bored by the books that came with this bundle pack.  Toy Story books would have been more interesting, but this means spending even more money on the Leapfrog system.I recently bought from Amazon and subsequently reviewed Scholastic Storybook Treasures and thought it was much more enjoyable and educational than the Leapfrom system.  This Storybook Treasures are DVDs that teach kids to learn to read and kids really like them.  I would recommend this product more than Leapfrog for any preschool child.
