Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
I absolutely love, love, love this puzzle! I have recently been doing a lot of Ravensburger puzzles, some were really awesome, but this is my new favorite of them all. The picture is vibrant, colorful, sharply clear, and beautiful. The pieces are delightfully large and easy to handle. The matte finish on them keeps glare from hurting my eyes as I work the puzzle. The fit of them is perfect - just snug enough to click but not so tight that they are hard to put in or take out. Also the difficulty level is just right. Not too hard and not too easy.Working this puzzle was a delight from start to finish. It took a few hours that went by incredibly fast. This is one I will definitely work again and again.This puzzle gets my highest recommendation of all (at least out of the Ravensburger ones I have done so far). It's perfect in every way and I love it.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.07092203944921494,0.07037386298179626,0.0712394118309021,0.06910067051649094,0.07452098280191422,0.07508900761604309,0.06784015893936157,0.07045517861843109,0.08020283281803131,0.06918391585350037,0.06700806319713593,0.06998323649168015,0.0714358314871788,0.07264483720064163
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
"Ravensburger makes the bet puzzles! This pieces are a large size, super sturdy, and fit really well. The image is colorful and fun, and the kids love to work on it. If you ever attempted to put together cheaper puzzles, you know what I mean when I say the pieces ""fit really well"".... and no piece is like the other, another pet peeve of mine when it comes to lower quality puzzles. This one is a great product!"
500 pieces is a nice size.  It isn't too large or too small.  I love that this puzzle has a blue backing.  Our floors are either brown wood, gray carpet, or brown carpet.  It is always hard to find the gray pieces when they fall.  These blue pieces are so much easier to see when they fall!  The puzzle pieces fit together nicely.  The picture is interesting and has variety which keeps it engaging for a medium puzzler like me.  I don't have a lot of time to puzzle, so there's satisfaction when I can sit down and put a few pieces in and not feel completely stuck.  That's the way it is with this puzzle because of the variety of colors and patterns.Do I recommend this puzzle?  Definitely!
The puzzle is a typical Ravensburger Puzzle. Good quality. Not so difficult that you can't accomplish it but a challenge to put together. I think the picture is lovely. We have enjoyed ths puzzle.Enjoy.
We are a huge puzzle family.  My daughter who is 10, my son who is 6 and myself love to sit down and put puzzles together.  This is the perfect rainy day activity or activity to do when you just want to have a bit of fun together as a family.  We also love sea life of any kind and when I saw this puzzle, I knew it would be a hit.  500 piece puzzles are a great number for us because it isn't too overwhelming for my 6 year old and we can put it together in an afternoon.This is the first large format puzzle of 500 that we have tried and I wasn't sure how big to expect the pieces.  They are actually a bit smaller than I envisioned, however that was just fine with me.  If I have to compare the pieces in size, I would say that they are the same size as the puzzle pieces in a 48 piece puzzle.  The larger size is great - we all love it and it makes it easier to work with, especially since many of the pieces are similar in color, etc.As for complexity, I think this puzzle was just the right amount of challenge - it was not overly simple because of the similar colors, however it was not difficult to the point where any of us became frustrated at any time.  The picture and colors are vibrant and gorgeous and the heavy dutiness of the pieces make for excellent durability.  I absolutely adore Ravensburger's puzzles and recommend them highly to any puzzle lover out there.  Many puzzles have pieces that bend easily and do not interlock very well, this brand is exactly the opposite.  The pieces love together well and there is no fighting to get the pieces to stay together while trying to put another section together.  Some of the pieces can be tricky, however, and there are a few that you may think go together, but they do not, so you do have to be aware of that, lol.Love this puzzle, love this company brand and highly recommend them.  I cannot wait to add to our puzzle collection with more Ravensburger puzzles!
Disclaimer: I am reviewing a copy of this puzzle that I received for free from the Vine program.Well it's another winner, another good puzzle from this company Ravensburger. We already have a few of their other puzzles, in 500 or 1000 pieces, and a few of them also feature dolphins and/or aquatic themes too.This one has pieces that are a bit larger than usual, so maybe it's slightly easier to do, I don't know, and the overall completed puzzle ends up a little bigger than the usual 500 piece size. My (autistic) kid likes all these Ravensburger puzzles, including this one. it took her just a day or 2 to complete this one.
My grandparents love putting together puzzles.  So every time I see a cool colorful puzzle, I get them one.  Based on the time they spent on it, I'd say this is more for younger or beginner puzzlers.  I wasn't thinking when I picked it up to check the piece number & size versus the others they had done.  Apparently they are mostly working with the smaller 1000 piece puzzles.  But even with that oversight, they commented that they enjoyed it & thought the design looked great.  So over all, this was a win.  The design & quality was perfectly fine, so I will use this company again - probably just get a tougher puzzle next time.
"My family found this to be a really great puzzle. We are not a ""puzzle family"", but we found the puzzle to be very fun and the crystal clear pictures and heavy-duty pieces made it even more enjoyable. You just can't beat Ravensburger puzzles in quality and manufacturing excellence. I would rate this as not extremely difficult as both my seven year old and three year old daughters were able to participate (with alot of help and coaching from Mom and Dad). This puzzle was not especailly hard.  Eventhough there is alot of blue in here, there are enough shade variations that even the water and dophins weren't that hard.  I think experts could finish it in an hour or two and families could easily finish it over a rainy day/snowstorm weekend."
This is my third Ravensburger puzzle (I also own these two in my jigsaw puzzle collection:,Beacon Hill, Boston 300 Piece Large Format Puzzle, and,Beneath The Waves 300 Piece Large Format Puzzle)those two were 300 piece puzzles, this one is a bit more challenging at 500 pieces.Even so, I would say this puzzle is still in the moderate range of challenge.I really love the great quality of Ravensburger jigsaw puzzles.
I absolutely love, love, love this puzzle! I have recently been doing a lot of Ravensburger puzzles, some were really awesome, but this is my new favorite of them all. The picture is vibrant, colorful, sharply clear, and beautiful. The pieces are delightfully large and easy to handle. The matte finish on them keeps glare from hurting my eyes as I work the puzzle. The fit of them is perfect - just snug enough to click but not so tight that they are hard to put in or take out. Also the difficulty level is just right. Not too hard and not too easy.Working this puzzle was a delight from start to finish. It took a few hours that went by incredibly fast. This is one I will definitely work again and again.This puzzle gets my highest recommendation of all (at least out of the Ravensburger ones I have done so far). It's perfect in every way and I love it.
Nice quality (lacks some compared with the 1500 piece puzzle of Ravensburger's that I also have...mostly in the coating).  The image is mounted on the pieces very well, the cut is good, but the pieces fit a bit loosely together, so if you need to transport a group already fit, it will fall apart on the way.  It is a pretty puzzle and looks great finished, so would be a great one to glue and mount.  My mother, daughter and I put it together in about 3 hours.  The bigger pieces helped both of them.  The difficulty was enough to make it enjoyable for all of us while easy enough for my seven year old not to get frustrated with it.  I don't think she'd have stuck it out on her own though.  It was great for a joint venture.  I'd recommend it.  It's one of few I will keep around to do again later.
"I &lt;3 puzzles.  I liked the ""large format"" of the pieces.  It did deter from the degree of difficulty, but it made the details more evident. I sat down with this at the dining room table around noon on Friday, and within an hour, I had the border and the bottom half of the puzzle done.  I sat down for another 30-40 minutes Saturday morning and finished it.  It's really pretty, and the colors aren't washed out. The lines are cleaner than I've seen with other puzzles. This may be one we put together several times before sealing it and putting it somewhere like the bathroom (I love dolphins and penguins, so they're bound to decorate the bathroom again sooner or later). Overall, a good puzzle."
"I love jigsaw puzzles, and I am especially fond of Ravensburger puzzles for their quality of contruction, selection of designs, and lack of ""puzzle dirt"" (I HATE puzzles that have an excess of contruction dust in the box/bag when I first open it).  I usually prefer 1000 piece puzzles, but with small babies in the house, I don't have the time or space to devote to a large puzzle.  I selected this puzzle because I thought it would be easier and faster to complete, and would give my older children, along with my husband and I, something to do after dinner besides watch tv.  The design is an illustration of an underwater scene, and features many different sea animals and bright plants.  The pieces are significantly larger than the standard pieces from a 1000 or 1500 puzzle, which made it easier to sort, as well as to actually put together.  Like all Ravensburg puzzles, the cuts are sharp and the fit tight, so there was no doubt as to which piece went where.  I did notice that unlike some of my other puzzles, if we tried to move large sections of completed puzzle, they were likely to fall apart.  However, once we did finish the puzzle, there was no problems at all with the puzzle coming apart.  We were able to complete the puzzle in about a total of 4 hours (1 hour a night for four nights) however, we spent a lot of time talking, so the completion time may be less if you were intent on finishing the puzzle, rather than the fellowship.  Overall, I am very pleased with this puzzle.  I feel it reflects the quality of Ravensburg puzzles, and it has made a beautiful picture for my nursery."
Ravensburger puzzles are bar none the best quality puzzle on the market today. The pieces are always a perfect fit, the puzzles have great pictures, and I don't spend money on any other puzzles.This particular puzzle is surprisingly difficult, despite the fact that the pieces are such a large size and that there's only 500 pieces.My ten year old was very excited to see an easy puzzle, but after she finished all of the colorful parts, we were left with half the puzzle in various shades of blue dolphin. It took a long time to be motivated to finish the difficult side.This was definitely not my favorite picture from Ravensburger. Try a different picture rather than this one.
"I haven't done a puzzle in many years, but I do remember how flimsy puzzle pieces were.  They were thin, bent easily, and sometimes the paper top peeled off the pieces.  This was my first experience with a Ravensburger puzzle, and I can definitely see why everyone loves them so much!I asked my granddaughter what the first rule was when working a puzzle, and she said ""I know, don't bend the pieces!"".  I think she'd have a very difficult time if she tried to bend these.  The puzzle pieces are thick and HARD.  The pattern is printed on a linen textured paper that makes them easy to hold and looks fantastic when it's put together.  The pieces are cut so smoothly that they seem to glide together!My granddaughter loved watching the pattern come together, and it was a frustration-free experience for both of us. I wasn't sure it would keep her attention, since nothing lit up and there were no buttons to push.  It was such a hit that I'm planning to purchase Ravensburger puzzles for Christmas gifts this year.  I'm impressed!"
