Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
First, let me say. . . even though this is a 270 piece puzzle, the spherical shape & even design all around it make it actually quite difficult.  That being said, if you want to cheat and use the numbers on the back (which is lame and a complete waste of time, in my opinion), then it will be very easy.  However, if you like to use your brain and want a challenge, just don't look at the numbers.  They're only there to help.  My suggestion: Don't use them and enjoy your time doing this beautiful puzzle!As far as durability goes, it's fantastic.  One of the most solid & well made puzzles I've ever done.  Typically, puzzle pieces will bend, peel, and easily fall apart.  Not these ones.  You can build your puzzle ball and put its beauty on display.My request: Make a Death Star one next!  The only other one I've found was lame.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.03541864827275276,0.044503744691610336,0.059370171278715134,0.04542471840977669,0.044069718569517136,0.04698614776134491,0.04501133784651756,0.03428836166858673,0.043827518820762634,0.043212857097387314,0.03803495690226555,0.04505964741110802,0.047998808324337006,0.04213340952992439,0.043933168053627014,0.040061771869659424,0.0424233004450798,0.04000600427389145,0.046376872807741165,0.045096129179000854,0.04490642994642258,0.03920328989624977,0.042653024196624756
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
Your standard 2-Dimensional puzzle experience consists of looking for the next piece visually, by matching patterns.Building this 3-D sphere puzzle depends more on looking at the numbers on the back of the pieces, and then using those numbers to assemble the puzzle.It is a different experience, but fun nonetheless.Likes:- Engrossing:  Put this out and people cannot resist putting it together.- Difficulty:  The numbering scheme (start with piece with 1 on the back, connect piece 2 in the direction of the arrow) makes the construction pretty straight forward.  The tricky part is finding that #143 in a sea of pieces, and then the last few pieces are a little harder to put in.- Durable:  The plastic pieces will last, unlike cardboard.- Looks pretty cool: Comes with stand to display and it is fun to look at and hold when assembled.Dislikes:- It is not a visual process.  Sure, you could put it together based on the images on the fronts of pieces, but the art on this particular puzzle would make that very challenging.  Still, I will try it that way next.Overall very happy with this.  A fun twist on puzzles, which we love in my house.5 Stars.
An elaborate puzzle of the zodiac sign, this 270 piece ball comes together nicely but is not for those who give up easily.
First, let me say. . . even though this is a 270 piece puzzle, the spherical shape & even design all around it make it actually quite difficult.  That being said, if you want to cheat and use the numbers on the back (which is lame and a complete waste of time, in my opinion), then it will be very easy.  However, if you like to use your brain and want a challenge, just don't look at the numbers.  They're only there to help.  My suggestion: Don't use them and enjoy your time doing this beautiful puzzle!As far as durability goes, it's fantastic.  One of the most solid & well made puzzles I've ever done.  Typically, puzzle pieces will bend, peel, and easily fall apart.  Not these ones.  You can build your puzzle ball and put its beauty on display.My request: Make a Death Star one next!  The only other one I've found was lame.
"Hi, I'm Laura...I'm a Sagittarius, I like long walks on the beach, raspberry mocha's, and putting together Puzzles.I haven't put a puzzle together in years, I am talking a decade probably. I don't want to come off sounding cliche or cheese-ball but my life was so chaotic before that putting something together in a cognitive and relaxed way would have been impossible. I now have so many aspects of my own life back in order and I found my missing puzzle piece. (go ahead and roll your eyes, I give you permission!)Sitting down and taking each piece and fitting them together must be done with patience and cooperation... (if you have someone else, and you should always do puzzles with a loved one, its very telling about the relationship)...This puzzle the PUZZLEBALL puzzle, is unique in so many ways. Its a ball, this particular one is about the Zodiac signs (of which I am obsessed with) and its a ball...oh wait I already said that, SO COOL!The puzzle pieces are numbered, they give you that cheat but it is still a challenge to put together. You place #1 in the slot and go from there and watch them all start to fall into place, and soon you have an amazing creation thats all dimensional and ballsy.""There are no extra pieces in the universe. Everyone is here because he or she has a place to fill, and every piece must fit itself into the big jigsaw puzzle."" Deepak Chopra."
When I opened the box and saw the 270 little pieces of this puzzle, I sighed and thought about how difficult and arduous it was going to be. How wrong I was. 45 minutes later my two children (ages 5 and 9) and wife and I had looked proudly upon the finished product. As my son set the puzzle ball on his shelf to display, he asked me when we can do it again.  Putting together the puzzle ball was a fun, team project for us in which we all engaged. My children are now asking for more of the puzzles.The puzzle consists of durable plastic pieces that seem quite durable and sturdy.  The finished ball can be handled somewhat roughly and not come apart.  Each of the 270 pieces is numbered and fits into the consecutively numbered pieces--these are pictured in the product images. We put the puzzle together by turning all of the pieces number side up and then placing them in numerical groups. It would be much more challenging to piece it together by looking at the picture and finding the pieces.I think this is a great gift for children.
We set out to put this 270-piece 3D puzzle together as a family night project. It turned out to be a fun night for both kids and adults. The puzzle itself is not difficult, as each piece is numbered at the back to help you identify them. The number method is great for younger kids who can assemble the puzzle without being overwhelmed with frustration. Alternatively, you can also assemble the pieces by the image on their front.The pieces are made of durable plastic and the overall build and image quality is very good. I'm very impressed with Ravensburger puzzles, and you would not be disappointed too.
"I'm somewhat amazed by this ""puzzle"" as I have never been exposed to working on something that is a smooth sphere.Some general thoughts are:That the overall imagery on the surface is rather ""speckled-looking"" (very busy to the eye) and in some cases sort of ""unclear"" (images we usually do not see for zodiac signs), but this effectively makes the whole thing, when completed, take on a rather jewelled effect, which turns out to be really nice. There is a base to hold it steadily from rolling. This is nice, of course!I had a bit of trouble with assembly as the pieces are three-dimensionally curved and become sometimes a little awkward to place. I have some degree of arthritis in my fingers and so I know that this is a part of my difficulty. I am just not sure whether others, with normal joints, would experience this problem or not. Again, the idea of working dimensionally is unfamiliar, too, and this is another factor not normally dealt with.This puzzle is fun, though, and I found it pleasing to work on as it is so very different.I would recommend it to folks that seek something different, new, and challenging. I do not think young children would be able to work this piece and would recommend, perhaps, a regular flat one instead. I would think that someone in their teens and up should be who to recommend it for.Quality-wise, this is a really well made, ""durable plus"", piece that most people will be very pleased with. I recently also got my first Ravensburger ""flat"" puzzle and was very impressed with the quality of that as well.Enjoy this unusual puzzle, it is quite an experience to work with.~operabruin"
I ordered this one with some hesitation after another Ravensburger 3-d puzzle of a building, but I thought I'd give it another try since I've loved Ravensburger games in the past. I am so glad I did, because this puzzle was EXCELLENT! It was easy to assemble and the construction was incredibly solid throughout. When complete, it could even be rolled around a bit; it was so solid, I almost couldn't figure out how to take it apart afterward. I eventually cracked it on the ground like an egg--worked like a charm! It took about an hour or so to solve. Fun and beautiful!
This is really cool concept for a puzzle.  The pieces are curved and lock tightly into place.  There are numbers on the back of the pieces in case you get stuck or confused.  You end up with a decorative ball, on a display stand, and it looks pretty cool on a shelf.  This one is about 6 inches in diameter.  I can see some educational value in helping children understand the curved pieces and such.  I think where this falls flat for me was getting the zodiac one.  This would have much more educational value if they were planets, the moon, or other celestrial models.  I should have gotten one of them.  Still, I can see where these could become addicting and you end up buying every one in the set.  The quality is very good.  It's a good puzzle and the end result is a conversation starter.
The age on this says 10-15, but in my opinion it should be 10 and up. We love puzzles and this one did not disappoint! I love the unique shape, and it's beautiful when put together as well. My twenty-eight year old son has really enjoyed this. It was fun and slightly challenging, but the biggest draw was just it's uniqueness.
The best thing about this puzzle is that it can be worked in a small area.  It doesn't have to lie flat (indeed, it can't lie flat) so for puzzlers in a dorm or similar situation, where you need to put it away between sessions, it's perfect.Where it trumps flat puzzles, aside from space, is the added challenge of building in a balanced way.  Pieces need to build up to support each other.  And the last five pieces are a challenge to get in.  The Ravensburger web site says to roll them into place, and by and large, that works.  Just be prepared for a few redoes when you try to snap those in.Also, even if you aren't solving by the numbers (and what fun is that?) you'll want to start with pieces 1-5 first.  There are two pre-solved groups, one is 1-5 and the other is 266-270.  The way the peices go together, they're sort of angled, so putting the pieces in from the outside is a lot easier if you start at the intended beginning.This is a great summer activity for the kids.  The image is beautiful and the assembly is a joy.I'd give it more stars for fun if I could.
I like puzzles but I'm not hugely into them. I was a little doubtful about whether I would be able to even begin this puzzle ball due to it having no edges, and that's where I usually start a puzzle. Surprisingly, it wasn't as bad as I thought it would be to start. The numbering on the back of the pieces, while hardcore puzzle aficionados might scoff at this, was quite useful. Like most puzzles (especially for more run-of-the-mill kind) the cutting of the pieces is not unique even within a given puzzle. This means that pieces that might look like they go together, and even fit, do not actually belong next to each other. The numbering on the back of the pieces helped out in this area and I'm glad it was there. It took me about two hours to put the whole thing together and it was a lot of fun.
"I've started working on puzzles with my kids, and these ""puzzle balls"" are a nice change on an old favorite.  While I'm not crazy about the numbered pieces, which feels rather like cheating, I do enjoy the tree dimensional aspect.  This one is particularly fun.  The abstract image makes for a more challenging puzzle.  As with the other puzzles in the series, the vibrant colors and sturdy construction creates a puzzle that will last as a display item after completion."
This item is very unique.The puzzle is made from a unique plastic which seems to be very durable.  The printing is either silk screened or water transfer printed.  I didn't check to see which, but its durable.I gave this puzzle to my daughter and her friend.  They pored over it for an hour.  They put it together by the numbers, but still made some mistakes.  You can also put it together by the pictures, which isn't that hard.When completed the puzzle holds together very tightly.  You can carry it in one hand easily.  You could even toss it back and forth (not recommended of course, I'm just telling you how good it holds together).Her friend liked it so much, she went out and bought a different puzzle ball with her own money!
We've done the larger globe puzzle ball and had fun with that. This is the same idea but a more difficult pattern. There are lots of areas with the gold filigree pattern that make it a challenge to assemble. However, my 13-year-old son did it in about two hours. He could have done it faster by using the number system on the inside of each piece but he wanted to go by the pattern instead.The pieces are a heavy plastic that holds firmly. There is a plastic stand to put the finished puzzle in for display. The graphics are nice, bright and detailed.A smaller but still fun puzzle ball from a great company.
I am not the puzzle person in the family, but my niece loves to do them and we had a great time putting this one together. I had alawys stayed away from three dimensional puzzles in the past. I heard they were very difficult and didn't stay together well. However it seems Ravensburger has solved these issues. We tried their Eiffel Tower puzzle and were very pleasantly surprised how it well it went together and stayed together. Next up was this Zodiac puzzle sphere. It was a fun project to do together while watching a movie and my niece loves the unique and pretty outcome. We had fun putting it together and have something cool to remember the night by.
"I really can't add much to what the other reviewers have already stated about this puzzle.  I've never assembled a 3-D puzzle before so I found that to be very unique.  I used the easy way and used the numbers on the back of the pieces to assemble it. It's lovely to look at at when finished and fun to assemble.  Each puzzle piece is small, and made of very durable plastic. The included directions worked very well and that's how I put the puzzle together.  It's not a very big sphere when finished, about 6"" in diameter.Really cool puzzle and totally unique!"
So everyone knows how to put together a puzzle, right? First, you find the edge pieces, especially the corners. You put those together and build out from there, also building on faces or spots where just one color dominates. But Wait - almost none of that applies with the Puzzle Ball! There are no edges to this challenging puzzle! I was impressed with the construction and very pleased with the fact the pieces are numbered to allow easier assembly. I can't say I'm done with it yet but it is fun. This design (there are several to choose from) incorporates a pattern which repeats - so it is quite challenging.Overall, a fun new twist on the puzzle and I would recommend it for puzzle fans.
I haven't played with a puzzle for years.  I enjoyed putting this together.  First I put the pieces into 3 plastic bags 1 - 100, 101- 200, 201 - 270.  then i would work on 30 pieces at a time.  The only thing I don't like about this compared to a traditional puzzle is that  there is no challenge.  The pieces are all numbered.  It would be more challenging if they numbered every 5th or 10th piece.  I think it would be hard for this design to be put together without looking at the numbers, but I am going to give it a try.  I would give it 5 stars, but I think the price point is too high at almost $21.  I see many other traditional puzzles for sale between $10 - 13 and up.  Once you've put it together, I don't know if I would be interested in doing it again by number.
This puzzle is made of plastic pieces - not cardboard. The finish and quality are quite good. If you enjoy solving jigsaw puzzles, you will really enjoy this puzzle. If you are new to jigsaw puzzle, this one has numbers printed on the back of each piece to help you easily assemble it.With a flat jigsaw puzzle, the picture they provide helps in solving it. With the puzzle in globe shape, they have to provide multiple pictures - one from each direction. The puzzle does come the pictures, but they are so tiny that it is hard to see the detail. That makes it little hard to solve this puzzle (without going by the numbers printed on the back). Another problem we encountered with this puzzle is that the picture on one piece doesn't perfectly align with the picture on adjacent piece. That is probably due to the manufacturing process. Unlike flat cardboard puzzles these are not die cut. In fact I wonder how this product is manufactured.In spite of the problems mentioned above, our family is enjoying solving this puzzle. We haven't completely solved it yet, but we are already very happy with this product. I think fully assembled globe will be a great display item.
This is a very pretty Zodiac Puzzle ball. I do have many other Ravensburger puzzles such as the Empire State Building and Eiffel Tower. The numbers are helpful and colors are vivid. It contains the same quality workmanship as my other puzzles. Great bonding time with the family.
I thought this was a neat little puzzle.  I really like the fact that the puzzle pieces are made of a nice sturdy plastic.  I've done the foam 3D puzzles in the past and wasn't very fond of them.  I also like the fact that you can put the puzzle together leave it set out as a decoration.  I don't care for the extra cheap looking base that the puzzle sits on but overall I like the whole concept of this puzzle.Although Amazon's listing says for ages 10-15 years, the box itself says for ages 10-99.  There are 270 pieces and I personally enjoy 1000+ piece puzzles but this was a nice change.  It took me less than 2 hours to do and I actually liked the fact that the pieces were numbered.  Every now and then I wasn't sure if a piece fit so it was nice to look at the back and verify it.My only real complaint would probably be that the insert showing pictures of the puzzle from all angles was too small.  It was really hard to get a good view of what the puzzle should look like on all sides on such a small insert.Overall this was a fun & neat puzzle and I would recommend it.
Unlike traditional jigsaw puzzles, the pieces are made of hard plastic rather than cardboard or foam, which means it's more durable. I remember growing up with jigsaw puzzles where the pictures got chipped because the paper would peel off the cardboard. The colors are bright, shiny and very decorative. Also unlike cardboard jigsaws, the pieces actually stay together and the ball can be held up when finished. Very cool.On the negative side, I don't like the fact that the pieces are numbered on the back. For me, this takes away the challenge of being detail-oriented and noticing the tiny details that make one piece go with another. It feels like a dumbing-down to me. I could see the numbered sequence being good for younger kids, but not for something that's geared to 10 and older.Other than that, this is a high quality, solidly made puzzle that families would enjoy doing together.
