Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
I'm now hooked on Ravensburger puzzles. This latest 2,000 piece is beautiful, extremely colorful, and a great challenge. Ravensburger puzzles are always well-made, durable, with fully-interlocking pieces. This Underwater picture is fantastic with diverse and colors. But being 2,000 pieces, it's still a time-consuming, fun challenge. For puzzle fanatics like me who like to redo the same puzzles over the years, Ravensburger puzzles hold up better than most any other brand out there. I highly recommend.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.0658690556883812,0.06872095167636871,0.06416995078325272,0.06427142024040222,0.06564836949110031,0.06070654094219208,0.06612773984670639,0.06640120595693588,0.06276708841323853,0.07336960732936859,0.07270007580518723,0.06557076424360275,0.06844095885753632,0.06869823485612869,0.06653799116611481
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
This is a great puzzle, beautiful colors, well cut, and a lot of fun.It is incredibly complex - the range of blue makes it very tough to figure out where things go.  We have slogged away at it for a while now.Highly recommended!
I thought the other Ravensburger puzzles we have were awesome but this one is the best one ever.  Underwater 2000 Piece Puzzle is the name of this puzzle and the colour that the puzzle photo was made from is so crisp and clean, that you have to remind yourself its a puzzle and not a high quality photograph.  The edges are easy to connect with other pieces and unlike some cheaper jigsaw puzzles this company make puzzles that lay flat when putting together and when finished.And the five year old as well as an 85 year old friend loved working on this puzzle. The five year old did all the yellow pieces.  The teens in the family as well as we the parents loved this puzzle.Its one of those puzzles you work on for awhile and then come back to and a puzzle that is fun for a group of people to do together so it makes for fun time together mixed with great conversation.  Hope Ravensburger puzzles become really popular because its a fun activity and in an age of high tech entertainment its nice to have a quiet activity to do alone or with others.
Disclaimer: I am reviewing a copy of this puzzle that I received through the Vine program.This is a HUGE puzzle, 2000 pieces. Be prepared to spend a couple of weeks working on it, and be prepared to have it spread out over a LARGE workspace, bigger than the foldable coffee table we usually use for puzzles.The picture is fun and interesting. All Ravensburger puzzles are durable and well-made.My daughter, who completes 1000-piece puzzles in a few days, has spent over 2 weeks on this one and isn't done yet. (but she hasn't given up either which is a good sign)If you can't spend over 2 weeks with this large puzzle laid out on your work area, then consider one of Ravensburger's 1000-piece puzzles instead, which are all pretty good too. Or even one of their 500-piece puzzles which will take you even less time to finish.
2000 pieces is A LOT.  I have these all over my floor trying to put this together.  These are some nice high quality made jigsaw puzzles and the colors beautiful and vibrant.  I don't know how long it will take to put this together, but the fun is in the challenge.  This is my first Ravensburger Puzzle, and I am highly impressed.  I highly recommend the brand.
It took my husband and I a while to build this...it is a well made puzzle, many beautiful colors made it a challenge...we really enjoyed our time putting it together...I plan on framing it...
Having some fun experience with a couple of 3D puzzles from Ravensburger and loved them, I got the opportunity to try a traditional 2D puzzle from the same manufacturer.The puzzle is made of high quality, sturdy pieces with vivid color. The locking system works very well. We have been working on this puzzle for more than a week and still haven't completed it. However, we have had many nights of quality family fun time together, which is truly amazing considering the small cost of the puzzle itself.Although we haven't completed the puzzle, I could see that the printing on it is excellent and brilliant. I may consider getting it framed after it's completed. I am now a proud fan of Ravensburger puzzles.
"Ravensburger puzzles are the best and this one is no exception. The pieces are sturdy and the colors are vibrant. The puzzle is just tricky enough to take some brainpower to solve but it's not diabolical like some 2000 piece puzzles can be. It's a great balance.Be sure to click on the picture before you buy to see it close-up. This puzzle is more like a photo-collage than some others I've built - it's got more of a ""fantasy"" look, but I like it a lot."
This is another huge, quality puzzle by Ravensburger. I had to go to the hardware store and buy a piece of wood to be able to get this one done. It was too big for the coffee table at just under 4ft. wide. But once I shifted it from the coffee table to the larger board, assembling it went very quickly.It has tons of vibrant salt water fish, large and small. It's a computer simulated picture of what seems to be real fish photos. Some of the fish are duplicates of the same one (not often) but that makes sorting pieces a little more difficult unless you can determine which fish it is by the background. I still have the the top blue area to finish but I made huge strides today. (FINISHED! I have a customer photo to show size.)As with most puzzles, I find it very therapeutic to sit and put them together. So today, after spending a number of hours working on this, I was able to tackle housework with a smile on my face and a spring in my step.A great puzzle with thick pieces and a beautifully finished picture.It's easy to be spoiled by Ravensburger puzzles and not realize it until you go to another, lower quality brand.
"Ravensburger makes a puzzle far superior than anything I've previously come across. In my experience, the pieces always lock to perfection without a single one missing.So far, out of all the Ravensburger puzzles my children and I have put together, this one has become our favorite.It is beautifully bright and colorful.  This is definitely a puzzle that will engage the younger ones.  No doubt children will be able to identify a number of vivid sea creatures also depicted in Pixar's ""Finding Nemo.""The artist representation is brilliant-accurate and exciting without coming off as cartoonish...This is a great educational tool. It was also fairly easy for us to find where pieces were located from the cover art on the box.The image on a puzzle really does make a great difference-more than I had previously thought.  We were able to put this underwater scene together at a quicker pace with far more enjoyment than our last (see ""Neuschwanstein Castle Panoramic"").Simply a wonderful puzzle, all-around."
I'm now hooked on Ravensburger puzzles. This latest 2,000 piece is beautiful, extremely colorful, and a great challenge. Ravensburger puzzles are always well-made, durable, with fully-interlocking pieces. This Underwater picture is fantastic with diverse and colors. But being 2,000 pieces, it's still a time-consuming, fun challenge. For puzzle fanatics like me who like to redo the same puzzles over the years, Ravensburger puzzles hold up better than most any other brand out there. I highly recommend.
Ravensburger puzzles are the best. I own a few of them and have never had a problem with fit, design or workmanship. This underwater picture is perfect for beginners but still great for those who like fun artwork. I find the busier pictures like this one to be easier then those of a wheat field or a picture with a lot of sky or repation. Great for family time and kids will enjoy identifying the sea life. I'd even go as far as to say this is suitable for framing when you're done. It's good to see good old German engineering isn't dead. Highly recommended.
As a family we enjoy solving jigsaw puzzles. We are not addicted to this hobby, so we take our time and solve the puzzle whenever time permits over several days. This is the first time for us to take on a 2000-piece puzzle. Also, this is the largest puzzle we have attempted to solve. We have worked on it for about a week now, we are probably 70% done, it is coming out beautifully.I have nothing negative to say about this product, but I have a few positive things.1) The picture is very colorful; you feel good looking at it as you solve it.2) It is not very challenging puzzle to solve. Meaning, there are distinct lines, contrasting colors, and fairly easy to locate related pieces. I am saying this in contrast to puzzles with a large blue sky or too many repeating patterns where it is very hard to determine where a specific piece goes.3) Quality of pieces is very good. It is not plain cardboard.Make sure you have plenty of room to solve the puzzle. You will need more than 3 feet x 2.5 feet for the work area and about twice as much to spread the pieces.Price may appear to be on the higher end, but I think it is worth it. The product seems to be made in Germany.
"This 2000 piece puzzle is absolutely beautiful. The colors are nice and bright. The quality of this puzzle is top-of-the-line. The pieces are nice and thick and fit together perfectly. There's no guessing whether or not it's the right piece. The ""linen-structured paper"" does a perfect job of keeping the puzzle ""glare-free"" as advertised. It has a nice feel to it too.I had a lot of fun doing this puzzle off and on for 3 days. I loved it and would highly recommend it for those that enjoy the larger puzzles like I do.  I've done several Ravensburger puzzles here lately and I've not had a problem with any of them.  This seems to be the best puzzle maker our there and the pictures are all absolutely stunning."
The fact is, no matter how advanced gaming technology gets, there is nothing quite like having the friends and family sit down and attempt to conquer a difficult puzzle. I find the experience to be marvelous. Mind-stimulating, friendship-forming, family-bonding, and hours and hours (or possibly days) of great fun.BUT, as hardcore puzzlers know, not every puzzle is created equal. Some glare obnoxiously in the light, some have pieces that poorly fit together or are covered in cheap paper that peels away. Some, when completed, just aren't that pretty to look at. Fortunately, Ravensburger has fixed all those problems and delivered one of the best puzzle experiences a person can ask for: pieces that glide into place and an overall glossy image. I love all the deep aquatic blues behind contrasting reds and oranges and yellows that make up this beautiful sea-life.My usual puzzle is 1000 pieces but I found 2000 to be even more fun. It's not really any more difficult, but does take more time and is all the more thrilling when you find a piece. The best puzzle is one that you can't finish in a day. I would say this one is a good 2-4 days minimum. I had a great time completing it and I'm sure you will too. As for the image, I love ocean animals so I loved it, but even if you choose another Ravensburger puzzle you'll have the same great experience. They're awesome.
2000 pieces of exceptional quality. This takes puzzles to a higher level.  It is top-notch.  I like the fact that Ravensburger does not consider this method of making puzzles a radical concept. Totally engaging for higher math thought. I highly recommend ANY Ravensburger puzzle. These puzzles are the gold standard of puzzles. Have fun. Enjoy.
