Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
"In these days of ever-increasing technology, it is never too early to start teaching hand-eye coordination.  This bright and visually pleasing puzzle does just that!  I ordered this puzzle as a birthday gift for my three-year-old great nephew.  He was ecstatic the moment he opened the gift bag because the box itself is shaped similar to a tank engine.  He couldn't wait to open the box and start ""building.""  The puzzle pieces are made of a high quality cardboard, so supervision is advisable to keep the pieces from getting damaged in the mouths of children.  The pieces are large enough to not present a tremendous choking hazard, but you can never be too careful.  The puzzle feels so much more 'authentic' than many of the plastic puzzles designed for younger children.  Of course, the puzzle is manufactured by Ravensburger which is a age-old and respected puzzle company.  The pieces fit together as near to perfection as you could possibly expect.  The puzzle is appropriately challenging for young minds, yet not challenging enough to cause frustration.  I believe if you spend the time to build the puzzle with your child just a couple of times, they are going to master the skill and start wanting to put it together by themselves.  I believe your child will truly enjoy building this puzzle while learning at the same time.  ENJOY!"

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.029674047604203224,0.02991049364209175,0.027425533160567284,0.030178310349583626,0.0294351764023304,0.028594806790351868,0.02950085885822773,0.028550267219543457,0.02984442189335823,0.028928333893418312,0.029670555144548416,0.027227463200688362,0.028389357030391693,0.02994547039270401,0.029648760333657265,0.029017968103289604,0.02944553829729557,0.030161820352077484,0.028078438714146614,0.02777687832713127,0.02937578223645687,0.02963770367205143,0.02942785434424877,0.028210686519742012,0.029299726709723473,0.02905351109802723,0.03187798336148262,0.028277957811951637,0.029814573004841805,0.02914346195757389,0.029139799997210503,0.029829924926161766,0.033592257648706436,0.031914252787828445
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
This is a good, sturdy puzzle.  The large pieces fit well together and the little ones like having Sir Topham Hat in the picture. The puzzle is great.The box, however, opens on the side instead of on top.  I wish it had a lid.  When the kids have to cram the pieces in from the side, it's only a matter of time before some of them end up bent.
Ravensburger makes quality jigsaw puzzles for kids.  We have several of their children's puzzles, and even after 8 kids, the Ravensburger puzzles are in great shape.  Some of them have lost some pieces, but that's my kids' fault, not the company's issue.This Thomas & Friends Birthday Surprise floor puzzle is no exception.  It is a quality floor puzzle, and one that my Thomas-loving children enjoy very much.  The first day we had it, the puzzle kept moving around the house, first on the living room floor, then a bedroom, next the kitchen, then the hall.  It often had 3 children working together on it, though my 3.5 year old was wishing they'd all leave him alone to do it himself.We look forward to many hours of enjoyment from this floor puzzle, for our children, and maybe even our grandchildren.
My 6 year old really enjoys this puzzle.  The pieces are of a nice sturdy quality so they don't bend or have the picture curl up from the backing like some cheaper puzzles often do.  The colors are vibrant and it's almost a shame to have to take it apart after he's finished.  We also like the box!  It's a train shaped box and so my son takes care of it.  May not sound like a big deal, but some other puzzles, the boxes are sealed and difficult to open without tearing.  I can't even remember how many corners of puzzle boxes we have inadvertently torn or cut just trying to open it for the first time.  So, to me, the box is a big deal.  Besides, it looks cute sitting on his bedroom shelf.
Our 4 yr old grandson loves Thomas the Train so this puzzle is great! He's had a good time putting it together again and again and loves to show off doing it LOL but of course his grandparents think it's great too LOLNice big size pieces and it is sturdy. We watch him most afternoons and he has done this puzzle several times and it still looks new. I'm a firm believer in puzzles for children. We've had lots of puzzles for our children, older grandchildren and now our little ones. Children have such a good feeling when they do the puzzles as we watch. I'm sure this one will hold up for our 7 mo old to put this puzzle together when he's old enough.This brand of puzzle will be on the Christmas list this year.
My daughter is putting together this puzzle as we speak. Since trains and birthdays are two favorite subjects, it is a favorite puzzle. Seems pretty sturdy. The kids enjoy putting it together. Good number of pieces for a preschooler.
This floor puzzle is very high quality and is suitable for the beating that my two young sons are sure to give it. It is bright, clean, well-designed, and well cut. The puzzle is a nice size when finished and my two year is starting to learn how to fit the pieces in the right place.As nice as the design is, the quality is even better. If you are looking for something durable, then this is the puzzle to get.Extremely well made. Highly recommended for Thomas and puzzle fans alike.
My 4 year old loves this puzzel.  The pieces are big enough (around 3 to 4 inches) for her to handle with ease.  This is the first puzzel that she was able to match up some of the pieces to the picture though she did need some help connecting them together.  Great product.
I got this beautiful puzzle for my 4 yr old grandson's birthday. He squealed with delight at the great Thomas shaped box. When he figured out there was a puzzle inside, he was delighted. The puzzle took him just the right amount of time to figure out. Not too easy, and not too difficult. Put together, the puzzle is just beautiful! I highly recommend this wonderful gift!
This is a good puzzle for small children.  Starting with the box, which is shaped like a train car, to the bright, detailed picture, this will surely delight.  The pieces are large - bigger than an adult hand, making them easy for little fingers to play with.  They are the high quality you can expect from Ravensburger - thick and lock together well, making them easy to move around and place on the floor.  This is an excellent toy for a small child and the high quality means it can be enjoyed many times.
This is overall a nice floor puzzle. My 4 year old did enjoy it a lot and was able to finish it without any guidance.The pieces are large, and colorful. Each piece contains a well defined part of the picture so it is easy for kids to put it together. The only complaint is that the piece are a litle thin which makes it a little hard to use on carpets.
I got this puzzle for my son's birthday. He adored it. He is a puzzle guy, so it wasn't very difficult for him to put together, but he clapped and cheered after he put it together. It made him feel special that Thomas, who he adores, was wishing him a Happy Birthday. The pieces are large, so there is no chance of losing pieces. The box is also shaped like a train and he had fun pushing the box around the floor as if it was a train car. I couldn't be happier and my son had a great birthday because of this toy.
I know this is for children 3 plus but I got it for a one year old who loves puzzles.  The box in and of itself is super cute, although not meant for long term storage as it isn't super sturdy.  But perhaps with an adult opening and closing it, it may last awhile.  The puzzle pieces are made from a very thick and sturdy cardboard.  I think it is thicker than a typical Melissa & Doug floor puzzle, if that helps any.  Put together it is a nice size at 27 by 19.  It will surely last a very long time as long as it isn't chewed on.  If you have a young Thomas fan, then you can feel confident giving them this.  It is a simple puzzle so the oldest age that would likely enjoy it is around five years old.
This puzzle is a really good quality. Some puzzles can be hard to assemble on carpet but this one has thicker pieces that made it easy to assemble on carpet.  The puzzle has a fun scene that is complex enough for a challenge, but not impossible for kids to complete. The pieces are durable, they are thicker than average so even when my son marched on the puzzle on the carpet, the pieces did not warp or break.Very impressed with this puzzle.
There is a lot that is great about this puzzle.  The pieces are sturdy. Easily manipulated by a child, the pieces fit together smoothly.  I also loved the vibrant colors and the happy image which combined well with the excellent box which is in the shape of a train.  All of this is too the good.  My only caveat is the question of age.  I suppose that this may be suited to an extremely mature three year old, but given the number of pieces (24) and the complexity, I think it is likely better suited to a child in the 4-5 range.  So long as you remember that one point, I think you'll find that this puzzle will delight the Thomas fan in your life.
I like puzzles that have big and thick enough pieces that you can do them on the floor/carpet without issue--and this puzzle definitely fits that need. It was just enough pieces that my 3yo did pretty well with it (with some assistance) though the picture on the box could have been bigger. Yes, it's a cute box somewhat shaped like a train--but give me a normal box with a bigger picture, please (the box is also way bigger than the pieces it needs to hold). Overall, a very nice puzzle.
The puzzle came today and my 4 yr old is already absolutely in love.  The pieces are big enough for a toddler to work with and not lose easily, the box is strong enough to keep as a storage box (isn't it always good to have a place for little ones' toys?) and it's a big bright puzzle with favorite charachters.  My little guy isn't a toddler anymore but he still loves Thomas so this is great for him.  I helped him put it together once and he immediately wanted to do it again.  I helped him again but less than the first time and he got it together faster the 2nd time.  Once he really gets the hang of it we can glue it to a poster board and hang it up on his wall.  :-)
This is a good intermidate puzzle for the 3-5 age group.  (Warning: it took my kid (who is a great puzzler) only 10 minutes to put it together the first time.)Nice big pieces, fairly sturdy box.  Would be nice as a gift.
There are many Thomas puzzles that come in these boxes.  Note that this one contains 24 pieces, which makes a very large, very easy puzzle.  Some of the others have 36 pieces.  This one is perfect for a beginning puzzler (3 yr old) but way too easy for any young child with puzzle experience.  While cute that the box is train-shaped, it is a maddening box to use.  A child cannot open or close the box by himself, and repeated use tears up the tiered portion, leaving one end open to spill puzzle pieces everywhere.
"This is a good Thomas puzzle for the toddler age set.  It's everything you expect out of a puzzle for this age group, big pieces, durable puzzle and not really that hard.  The box is also ""fun"" which in this case equates to ""toy"" to the point that it's actually a bit of a downside because puzzle boxes really aren't made to be toys."
I'm a fan of floor puzzles for children. They're a great one-on-one activity to do with an adult buddy when they're around two, and either as a group activity or alone as they get older and develop more skill and attention span. The large size makes them a bit more exciting and easier for multiple children to work on. This one is no exception, and the high quality won't disappoint. The pieces are sturdy, though thin enough that they really fit together better on a hard surface rather than carpet. I slightly prefer rectangular puzzles like this one (rather than shaped) to introduce the concept of looking for corner and edge pieces. The picture will be a hit with any young Thomas fans. The birthday theme makes it especially nice for a birthday present -  maybe less so for other occasions. The shaped box makes for a fun presentation.
I was thrilled with this puzzle, and so was my little friend. The pieces are very large and easy for a young child (toddler-aged) to handle. There are few enough pieces that it does not become frustrating for the child to try to finish it. They can lay out the puzzle on the floor, which is a huge plus. I think over time the pieces will become a little soft or ragged along the edges from use, but that is to be expected. Even the box the puzzle comes in is adorable. If your child is a Thomas-ophile, he or she will be especially thrilled. What is not to love about Thomas?
THIS IS A GREAT GIFT.  THE PUZZLE PIECES ARE VERY LARGE AND WELL MADE.  THEY LOOK LIKE THEY WILL LAST THROUGH MANY LITTLE HANDS!  I WAS VERY PLEASED, I LIKE TO GIVE GIFTS THAT WILL ENCOURAGE A CHILD TO USE THEIR MINDS, AND THIS ONE IS FUN TO USE. JESUS' BLESSINGS AND PEACE
The kids just loved this. The pieces are large, and durable. Thick cardboard. The box isn't flimsy either. They were able to do this on carpet. Didn't need a hard surface. Perfect for Thomas fans, and easy enough for a young toddler. Recommended.
"I don't know what they mean by ""Small parts. Not for children under 3 years old."" The puzzle pieces are huge, like 8 inches each! I was a little unsure when the box showed a depiction of the puzzle piece and said ""actual size."" I thought, surely they weren't that big, but they are. This is perfect. My son has quite a few Thomas puzzles and this just compliments his set. The box is unique - a 3D Thomas train - and all of the pieces tuck nicely inside with lots of space. My 3 year old really loves this puzzle.If you like this puzzle and the size of each piece, you might likeThomas & Friends - Sodor Friends (24 PC Shaped Floor Puzzle)."
I was surprised to see a warning for this puzzle: choking hazard, small pieces, not for children under 3. The puzzle pieces are very large, like the size of my hand. My grandsons are both Thomas fans and they worked on it together. The six year-old said he liked it but wasn't interested in doing it again. He prefers more and smaller pieces in his puzzles. The four year-old immediately did it again-by himself. It took him a little longer and he's interested enough to go back to it in the future. It's good quality and comes in a nice box that can be pushed around like a train. I'd say it's best enjoyed by 3 to 5 year-olds.
I am officially a Ravensburger Fan.This is the second Ravensburger product my daughter has and, yet again, I am impressed.  This is a gorgeous and well-crafted puzzle, just the perfect size for little hands.  My daughter is four and she found the puzzle just challenging enough to keep her interest.  She's actually not a huge Thomas fan, but she loved the picture and had fun finding the details in the illustration.  After doing it the first time with me, she was able to do it herself and is very proud of herself when she puts it together.Mom's point of view:  This is incredibly sturdy and well-made.  Aside from its original intention as a puzzle, it has been stepped on, used as a platform for a toy train, and been made into a tea area for dolls.  I am incredibly pleased with this product!
My two and a half year old son loves this Thomas puzzle. He isn't able to sit down and do the puzzle by himself like some of his simpler puzzles. He is always asking for my wife or I to sit down and do the puzzle with him.The puzzle has 24 large pieces that fit together well. They can be hard for kids on the low end of the puzzles age range but that is to be expected. Overall the puzzle is good quality and offers a fun picture once the puzzle is finished.As a side note: I'm not sure why Amazon has a Choking Hazard warning on this puzzle the pieces are a little larger than an adult hand.
"A few months ago I got two Ravensburger puzzles: theThomas & Friends - Sodor Friends (24 PC Shaped Floor Puzzle)and theThomas & Friends Birthday Surprise 24 Piece Floor Puzzle. They are very similar, so this review applies to each, with specific differences listed at the end.These puzzles are a definite step above the rest. We've been playing with them for a few months, really beating up on them as only pre-schoolers can, assembling them a few times per week. My three kids love them - new favorites. The pieces are made from some kind of ultra sturdy cardboard, almost a hybrid, board-like material. They seem as durable as possible without going to all-wooden pieces. But wooden puzzles seem limited to about a dozen pieces, whereas these have 24. That makes them more challenging for my four and six year old, but still robust enough that my three year old doesn't ruin them like he has some other, flimsy puzzles. The edges and tabs haven't broken or peeled in the slightest.You can see by the stats how big these are, almost 2 foot by 3 foot, so they really are floor-puzzles, like they say. The colors are exceptionally vivid and haven't faded or worn off at all. As advertised, the pieces fit together crisply - thick enough and precise enough that they don't separate like some of our other thinner, flimsy floor puzzles. And that's a very good thing, as it only takes a few inadvertant separation setbacks to frustrate a pre-schooler.TheThomas & Friends: Sodor Friends - 24 Piece Shaped Floor Puzzlepuzzle has pieces 0.09"" thick, and both sides have a sort of fine-gridded texture, much like a mousepad. When assembled the outline of the puzzle isn't square, but shaped like a silhouette of Thomas the Tank Engine. All those curves make it a more challenging puzzle to assemble, and my three year old can't do it alone.TheThomas & Friends Birthday Surprise 24 Piece Floor Puzzlepieces are thicker, 0.14"", with a fine-gridded mousepad texture on the front, but a normal cardboard texture on the back. Despite the differences in thickness and texture, both puzzles seem equally sturdy. This puzzle has a normal, square shape, and my three year old puts it together all by himself.Bottom line, from now on I won't be buying anything but Ravensburger floor puzzles for my kids. They are definitely a step above the rest."
"This ""Thomas and Friends"" puzzle is perfect for the little boy who loves trains.  The big puzzle pieces are perfect for small hands and the pieces are much sturdier than smaller puzzles.  The box is a little clunky but it can make for an added toy once the train inside has been constructed."
The pieces in this puzzle are very large and the picture they make is great because it is colorful and cheerful.  The pieces are high quality; they are about as durable you can get when it comes to a paper based puzzle pieces.  The box has a clever shape that looks like a train, which is cute.  All the pieces fit in the box snugly, so the box isn't oversized to take up a lot more room than it needs.  This puzzle is great for young kids that want to challenge themselves in a way that involves them to think a little.
This is a great puzzle for little children. The chunky pieces are fun to hold and assemble, and the picture is bright and colorful.I'm not wild about Thomas, but this is a good puzzle for my two-year-old.
"Listed as a floor puzzle but easily fits on a table. Finished size is 27"" X 19.25"" with each piece about 5-6 inches long. My three year old was extremely excited when he saw this puzzle and thus put it together is about five minutes. If it says Thomas he loves it and then add ""puzzle"" to it and he's hooked. As usual with Ravensburger puzzles it's well-made and looks great. The puzzle pictures is bright and clear and suitable for framing. Each piece is made of a strong cardboard. My kids should get quite a lot of fun and enjoyable out of it. Highly recommended."
"In these days of ever-increasing technology, it is never too early to start teaching hand-eye coordination.  This bright and visually pleasing puzzle does just that!  I ordered this puzzle as a birthday gift for my three-year-old great nephew.  He was ecstatic the moment he opened the gift bag because the box itself is shaped similar to a tank engine.  He couldn't wait to open the box and start ""building.""  The puzzle pieces are made of a high quality cardboard, so supervision is advisable to keep the pieces from getting damaged in the mouths of children.  The pieces are large enough to not present a tremendous choking hazard, but you can never be too careful.  The puzzle feels so much more 'authentic' than many of the plastic puzzles designed for younger children.  Of course, the puzzle is manufactured by Ravensburger which is a age-old and respected puzzle company.  The pieces fit together as near to perfection as you could possibly expect.  The puzzle is appropriately challenging for young minds, yet not challenging enough to cause frustration.  I believe if you spend the time to build the puzzle with your child just a couple of times, they are going to master the skill and start wanting to put it together by themselves.  I believe your child will truly enjoy building this puzzle while learning at the same time.  ENJOY!"
One of our boys is at the perfect age for floor puzzles and he LOVES to sit for quite a while while we work on them together.  I was pleasantly surprised at how nice the finish on this puzzle is.  It looks like a canvas-type finish on the top (not quite a matte finish, with the look of canvas).A few things I love about this puzzle:Bright picturePieces are big, making it easy for little fingers to pick up and placePieces fit together really nicelyBeautiful finishFun Thomas boxThis puzzle is perfect for a birthday gift as the picture is a celebration with streamers, presents and balloons.  That said, it is a great puzzle and I wouldn't hesitate to get it for any occasion!I don't think I would change anything at all about this puzzle.
