Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
I so love jigsaw puzzles. I have for 35+ years now. Always the traditionalist, I insisted on working the basic flat ones all these years. Never wanted to even TRY a 3D one. Then I came across this one, and was like, well, why not?WOW - Huge Surprise!!I sat down and worked on this non-stop from start to finish. Thoroughly intrigued by the unique format, I simply couldn't put it down! I cheated - turning all the pieces upside down to work it by numbers only, and it went quite fast that way (only a couple hours at most). Upon completing it, I was pleased at how beautiful it looked. It molded into a perfect sphere that was tight, vibrant, colorful, shiny, and beautiful.But I felt like I reached that accomplishment of completion in an unfair way (doing numbers only), so I poked and pulled on the pieces, completely disassembling it, only to re-do it the next day, in a traditional way. That is, by looking at the picture and matching the pieces up that way, based on fit. And it was just as fun again! I completed it in about 2-3 hours that second time as well. And I had a blast! Now, I have it proudly displayed on it's stand, knowing that I put that little masterpiece together. This is what puzzles are meant to be - fun, challenging, not frustrating, durable, beautiful, and giving a great sense of accomplishment. This Puzzle Ball delivers all that and more. I was so hungry for working this new type of puzzle, I went and bought 2 more after my second completion of this! I have found a new love! I have over 200 regular jigsaw puzzles in my house, and they have always been fun to me, but this really kicks it up a notch and brings a fresh new level of fun & excitement to puzzles. I very highly recommend this product. It's truly the most fun I have had with a puzzle in ages! Maybe ever! And a final note for those of you who like to work puzzles multiple times over the years (like I do), this puzzle is very strong and will hold up to that kind of use! Another huge plus! :)

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.06178543344140053,0.06131482496857643,0.06720150262117386,0.057957667857408524,0.061064500361680984,0.06251705437898636,0.06360623985528946,0.06209252402186394,0.06958075612783432,0.0621110200881958,0.0600513257086277,0.06382853537797928,0.05882764607667923,0.06372619420289993,0.061861954629421234,0.062472838908433914
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
This puzzle is so much fun to put together and so very easy for children! It looks so much more advance then what it really is, for the box says that 10+ are needed but to put together the pieces is so straightforward (the are numbered) that I can see any child over the age of 5 or 6 having nor problems putting together this puzzle. When your putting the pieces together the ball forms and it looks so different another table puzzle plus the pieces are large and more durable then the normal 3Dish/pop-out puzzle. The kids had so much fun putting this puzzle together that they really want to do another one. Plus it gives them a whole different feeling of accomplishment when they are finally done for thus puzzle makes something that is new to them and also something that they were able to do on their own but looks very complicated.
Wow, my husband and I had so much fun putting this puzzle ball together! It was just the right difficulty to make an enjoyable evening putting it together. It took about an hour and a half to two hours to put together and we enjoyed every bit of it! We were amazed by the durability of the puzzle ball. When completed it was plenty durable enough to toss around! The only thing we wished was different was the picture views of the ball available. The picture on the box only shows a portion of the 360 degree view. In the instructions there were pictures of each angle available, but they were quite hard to see. Overall we love this puzzle and look forward to pulling it out again in the future.
"I think my son won't let me pick the puzzles out for at least a decade!When I ordered the Times Square Puzzle Ball, we were fresh off the success of one of Ravensburger's regular old flat puzzles of Times Square.Times Square 300 PC PuzzleCall it overconfidence, call it delirium, but the idea of doing a spherical puzzle sounded fun.And it was a blast.  As long as you approach it as an absurd adventure that can't possibly work. I'm being a bit facetious, but truly, it was so much fun.  There were some moments of frustration, but we had agreed ahead of time (and shook hands on it, so who could break that?) that we wouldn't let it get us upset.  We really did laugh a lot at the idea of the two of us ""butter-fingers"" doing a complex puzzle like this.We kind of did a hybrid move of sometimes following the numbers on the back of each piece to put it together, and sometimes we got excited and put parts of it together by the picture.  I'm seriously, absolutely, positively glad that the numbers are there.  The puzzle looks beautiful, and we have some really fun memories of the whole experience.If you haven't done a Ravensburger puzzle before, I can't say enough about the quality of them.  A bit of history, they've been making puzzles since 1891 in Ravensburg, Germany.  The materials and interlocking make them more enjoyable to do.  We seek out the Ravensburger puzzles now, because we like the quality and imagination that goes into them.  Highly recommend."
I actually go this puzzle for my brother but I was just so curious over to how it would actually work that I had to try it.  You can build the puzzle either by the numbers on the back or matching the pieces together like you would a regular puzzle, I do it both ways.  Being 270 pieces the puzzle was a perfect first challenge for me since I haven't done a puzzle in a very long time, especially not a round one!  It was actually something I looked forward to doing at the end of time day with my husband.  A Puzzle Ball is something different and afterwards it makes a great conversation piece!  Now the only problem is deciding where to display it!  The quality is also great and what I expect for Ravensburger.
I was initially very disappointed to find that the pieces of this puzzle were numbered and all you had to do was put them together in order, but as I was working on it, I found I was still enjoying watching the ball come together.  The pieces are made of a hard plastic and are very durable.  I kept waiting to get to a point where the whole thing caved in when I put pressure on it, but it was amazingly sturdy.  Once complete, it could have easily rolled off the table and onto the floor without breaking apart.  The puzzle feels like it has a beginner version (numbered pieces) and advanced version (not using the numbers).  I would say a 6-8 year old could probably put it together using the numbers.
My initial impression of this puzzle ball wasn't too favorable.  Each piece is numbered on the back so the puzzle can be easily constructed by working in numerical sequence if desired.  I was worried that attempting to build the puzzle without looking at the numbers wouldn't be possible given the spherical shape that results as you build and the physical awkwardness involved.  Somehow building a puzzle by numbers just seemed lame.  However, after building the first 50 or 60 pieces using the numbers I decided to see how it would work looking only at the picture sides of the pieces.  Turns out it's very possible to work only using the images if you do it right.  I found it best to work on several larger sections separately so that you can see what you're looking at.  Imagine looking at a map of the United States on a globe.  As long as you're looking at the US, you can't see China.  To see China, you have to rotate the globe.  You can only see one side of the globe at any given time.  That inability to see the whole picture simultaneously (like you can with a traditional flat puzzle) was initially puzzling (pun intended), but working on several large sections before connecting them into a sphere solves that issue.  Once I had my strategy, building this puzzle was actually fun and different enough to make it compelling.  Worth it to try this at least once as a novelty.
"The puzzle pieces are made of sturdy plastic and numbered on the back. The puzzle pieces are assembled in a spiraling pattern. There are no edge pieces. I was able to match up the areas of text (""Times Square"") without cheating by looking at the numbers. However, in order to get started on the rest of the ball, I had to find piece #1, #2, #3, etc. Before I knew it, I found myself sorting the entire box into piles of number ranges. But, somehow assembling the puzzle based on numbers just seemed lame so I scooped all the pieces back into the box and shook them up. Assembling the puzzle based on image is a real challenge because every piece is so small and the box only shows part of the overall image - not so easy unless you are a puzzle whiz.  I'm not."
I thoroughly enjoyed this puzzle.  The backs of the pieces are numbered, so it's easier to complete than a regular puzzle.  I tried to put it together by the design, but admit I did have to use the numbers in some areas.  The finished product looks really cool and is much sturdier than I ever thought a jigsaw puzzle could be.  I'm going to take it to work and sit it on my shelf for decoration.  I'm already looking into buying another design.
I so love jigsaw puzzles. I have for 35+ years now. Always the traditionalist, I insisted on working the basic flat ones all these years. Never wanted to even TRY a 3D one. Then I came across this one, and was like, well, why not?WOW - Huge Surprise!!I sat down and worked on this non-stop from start to finish. Thoroughly intrigued by the unique format, I simply couldn't put it down! I cheated - turning all the pieces upside down to work it by numbers only, and it went quite fast that way (only a couple hours at most). Upon completing it, I was pleased at how beautiful it looked. It molded into a perfect sphere that was tight, vibrant, colorful, shiny, and beautiful.But I felt like I reached that accomplishment of completion in an unfair way (doing numbers only), so I poked and pulled on the pieces, completely disassembling it, only to re-do it the next day, in a traditional way. That is, by looking at the picture and matching the pieces up that way, based on fit. And it was just as fun again! I completed it in about 2-3 hours that second time as well. And I had a blast! Now, I have it proudly displayed on it's stand, knowing that I put that little masterpiece together. This is what puzzles are meant to be - fun, challenging, not frustrating, durable, beautiful, and giving a great sense of accomplishment. This Puzzle Ball delivers all that and more. I was so hungry for working this new type of puzzle, I went and bought 2 more after my second completion of this! I have found a new love! I have over 200 regular jigsaw puzzles in my house, and they have always been fun to me, but this really kicks it up a notch and brings a fresh new level of fun & excitement to puzzles. I very highly recommend this product. It's truly the most fun I have had with a puzzle in ages! Maybe ever! And a final note for those of you who like to work puzzles multiple times over the years (like I do), this puzzle is very strong and will hold up to that kind of use! Another huge plus! :)
This was a great puzzle!  My daughter was so excited to start putting it together.  The instructions were easy to follow, and the whole puzzle took about an hour and half for her- a middle schooler with average puzzle skills.  So, this isn't a very challenging puzzle.  But, it was quite a bit of fun to put together.There are 270 pieces, and all of the pieces are numbered.  There are arrows to help you place the pieces in the right direction on the ball.  If you like to figure it all out for yourself, this might not be the puzzle for you.  But, if you like following step by step directions, this is perfect.The finished product is very pretty to display and comes with a plastic display stand.  It seems to hold up pretty well with the pieces staying together as the puzzle is displayed.
My dad loves puzzles, so we gave this to him for his birthday, and helped him complete it over a series of visits since we see him pretty regularly.  Both he and my 6-year-old son loved putting it together.  It wasn't too difficult or too many pieces, though I think it would be more fun if it were bigger.But for the price it is and the coolness factor of a 3D puzzle, I really liked this one.  It's colorful and vibrant and I thought it looked pretty awesome when it was completed.Definitely makes a great gift for anyone that likes puzzles!
I have done soooo many puzzles, that I am no longer a fan. The flatness, the cardboard, etc....I just lost interest. My kids, however, do enjoy puzzles, so I thought this would be enjoyable for them.....well, I'm sorry to tell you they did not put it together. Ehem....they never got the chance. I was so intrigued that I thought I would try it out. A couple of hours later I was done. I didn't share, and I'm not sorry. LOL!The first thing about this puzzle is that all the pieces are numbered, and yes, I used the numbers, and yes, I still enjoyed it! The second thing is that the pieces are plastic and they fit as close to perfectly as you can expect from a puzzle. The only down side I will mention is the base. It is a cheap plastic, and while it is fine, it just seems like a cheap way to showcase such a wonderful puzzle. It should be crystal or something! Okay, probably overkill, but you get my meaning.Look folks, I do not give out 5-stars review easily, and I certainly do not rave so much, especially about a puzzle, but I suspect I will be ordering others of this type.....and if my kids are lucky, they'll get to try one.The images are great and look very nice. Note that the finished puzzle will NOT show as one complete image as the pictures show.....but they look good. Once the puzzle is complete, the structure is very strong, and NOT easy to fall apart. You can roll it easily enough without it falling apart. In fact, you'd be challenged to get the pieces apart once you are done. For a real challenge, try it without looking at the numbers. I highly recommend this puzzle, it's awesome!
I received this for my two daughters (aged 5 and 11) even though it is targeted for 10 and up.  I was looking for something they could do together that would encourage teamwork.  This product fit my needs exactly, even throwing in number recognition for my 5 year old.The puzzle is typical Ravensburger high-quality (German made) and comes with multi-lingual instructions. There are 270 small high quality plastic puzzle pieces but don't let that scare you; each puzzle piece has a number and an arrow on the back that lets you assemble the puzzle by arranging them in numerical sequence. This facet of the design fascinates my 5 year old who loves learning and finding the number for my 11 year old.  As you assemble the puzzle, it begins to take shape and you can place it in the concave base as you work on it.Completion time was about 6 hours (not all at once).  When assembled, it's a pretty colorful representation of New York Times Square (as I remember it anyway). Whether the kids will play repeatedly with the product is undetermined, but probably unlikely. The puzzle is very much like putting together a model airplane.  There reeally is no desire to break it apart and do it again.  However, the kids did love displaying it.Clearly, the age appropriateness of the puzzle (10) is accurate.  Our 5 year old can do it with the help of her sister.  What convinced me this was a good product is that when I came home from work, the neighborhood kids of various ages were all doing the puzzle and having fun. This would be a great present for any puzzle lover, especially those who have not yet bene introduced to the quality of Ravensburger.
Took myself and one other person about an hour to complete this puzzle.The pieces are hard plastic, and numbered on the back so you know exactly how to put it together (start with number 1, end with number 270.)The pieces fit very very well, and the sphere holds together perfectly while building it.  Once all put together, we could easily hold it like any other ball.  It didn't fall apart. The colors on the outside are quite vivid.Makes a nice conversation piece when finished.Also makes a nice rainy day activity as it doesn't take forever to get it done.Perhaps it is not as much of a challenge as a regular jigsaw puzzle, but it was fun nonetheless.
I ordered this for my 7 year old son who loves puzzles.  He had never attempted a puzzle ball or 3D puzzle.  I, too, was new to this type of puzzle, so it was an fun experience for both of us.There are two things I love about this puzzle.  The first is that the pieces are made of hard plastic, making it very durable.  The pieces are slightly concave, so they fit together perfectly.  The other thing I like about it is that it gives you two ways to put the puzzle together.  You can do it by the photo, or you can flip the pieces over and do it by number.  My son did it by number and would not stop playing with it until he was done.  He tore it apart and went at it again and again.It also come with a plastic stand to display if you want.  I would highly recommend this and I'll be ordering other versions for sure.
"I was recently lucky enough to review another Ravensburger puzzle (Ravensburger Empire State Building 216 Piece 3D Building Set) and had enjoyed that enough that when the opportunity came up to snag this beautiful puzzleball, I had to jump all over it.  It really is a very nice looking finished puzzle/globe with the image on Times Square on it.  Building the puzzle is as easy as doing a build-by-numbers, or, if you want to avoid ""cheating"" you can simply sort the puzzle pieces in old-school puzzle mode with the numbers all down and the image side of the pieces sitting face up.  Snap the pieces together and just keep on rolling.  Of course, if you don't obliterate the numbers or cover them in some fashion, you'll still be able to see the puzzle piece numbers shining back at you until you get enough of the puzzle assembled to no longer be able to see the piece numbers.Anyway, this was an item that I was very happy to get and enjoyed working with.  It's not a perfect item, but it is a very, very nice one, hence the loss of a star in the rating that I've used.  Definitely something that would be nice to use for some family bonding time, and also an opportunity for working with as an educational tool.  Working with the numbers, as well as the spatial concepts, all makes it easy to recommend for purchase for most family's consideration."
