Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
My grandson has recently become a Beyblade fanatic, so when I saw this product I just had to order it.  Well I am happy I did.  He enjoys it immensely. He gave me a lot of  specs on the top that I can't quite remember but I know the spinning effects are great.  It holds up in battle.  Something about a sharp point stop thing.  I see that other reviewers are complaining about the Hammer, well my grandson had no complaints.  He just gets down in the floor with all his other Beyblade characters sets up his arena announces the battles or whatever and goes for broke.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.05084793269634247,0.05469219386577606,0.0519508495926857,0.04799390584230423,0.04616093635559082,0.04902394115924835,0.04539411887526512,0.04744189605116844,0.04786336049437523,0.04559783264994621,0.056401580572128296,0.052317291498184204,0.04958956688642502,0.05066126585006714,0.04695584997534752,0.05398422107100487,0.050820693373680115,0.04722839221358299,0.05210579186677933,0.05296843871474266
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
"By looking at this new line of Beyblades, they seem really cool - extra hidden attacks that work when it makes contact with another top.  But the question is how well does it work?This particular top has two ""hammers"" that punch out of the side of the top.  This increases its width and hopefully sends a lethal punch to your opponent's Beyblade.  The hammers are activated by tiny little trigger switches on the edge of the top.  As it's spinning, when it makes contact with something, the triggers are pressed, which releases the spring on the hammers, sending them outward.The differences don't end there.  This top is pretty large.  Visually, it looks much bigger than standard Beyblades, and while some of it's dimensions are a bit bigger, it's actually pretty close in size to standard tops.  It's made purely of plastic and cannot be dissasembled.  The good news is that it does fit a standard launcher and ripcord, unlike some of the other specialty Beyblades.Since it's a bit bigger and made of plastic, it doesn't seem to have as much heft as the smaller, metal Beyblades.  Additionally, when the hammers are out, two things will happen: The top's spinning speed will slow down, this is just a law of physics.  Second, since there's two hammers, the top is somewhat unbalanced.  These two things lead to its demise.  More often than not, the sudden shock of the hammers deploying, a slowing of speed, decrease in stability, plus being paired against smaller/denser tops will often send this top flying across the arena.  If not that, any wobble causes the hammers to hit a wall or the floor, and this top is toast.All in all, a poor top that will rarely win any battles against a standard Beyblade.  I used a Beyblade arena to test this against other Beyblades.  Even giving this one the benefit of launching the other top first, letting it slow down, then launching this one, it always lost.  I even re-spun this top and lost a second time to a standard Beyblade, without having to resping the standard one.Save your money on this one and get something else."
"As a father, I have to admit that Beyblade's have brought me and my son together. In the past, he has purchased toys such as Hot Wheels, Mighty Beans, Pokemon and Super Hero figures but there was nothing that drew him into playing those toys for a long time (like we did back in the day when we played our toys until they broke).But with Beyblades, these are toys that father and son (well, my wife ""tries"" to play with him too) can really bond with and enjoy battling together. For the reason that it's something that your children can easily beat mom and dad at. But also for them to find out how they can maximize the potential of their Beyblade and know its strengths and weakness.My son is a big fan of the Beyblade animated series and he introduced me to the concept of Beyblade. I've watched and saw how the toys and the research into the toys introduced him to the concept of attack, defense, balance and stamina. He learned about the force of objects colliding, recoil, strategy on how to use his grip/launchers, etc.As a father, I can see the educational value of this toy, but I can also see how much fun they are too place, especially how they are designed for battling. How cool is that?While his favorites are the metal Beyblades (which do help in educational value but also are customizable), he has always been interested in trying out the plastic Tornado Battlers and the XTS (Extreme Top System) Stealth Battler Beyblades.So, for parents...Beyblades can be very addicting.  Sure, it can cost a bit much when you start delving into ordering overseas for better Beyblades, especially for stadiums. But for the time that I have with my son and both of us enjoying these games together, that time is priceless!Also, it's something that he can learn from and these are toys that even older people, yes...parents can enjoy playing with their kids as well!REVIEW OF THE BEYBLADE XTS: TEMPO HAMMER HITThe concept of the Beyblade XTS is intriguing.  The XTS Beyblades are primarily made of plastic.  Unlike it's metal counterparts, there is no customizing tracks or tips.  And unlike their metal counterparts, they are much more expensive.When hit, they have a certain gimmick.  For example, Pegasus Jumper will jump and land on a Beyblade, Kerbecs Blade Blast will extend its arms like a ninja star and for Temp Hammer Hit, two hammer like extensions come out.For those not familiar with Tempo, it's derived from its metal counterpart, Twisted Tempo (aka Basalt Horogium), one of the toughest Beyblades released in America thus far.  But unlike it's metal counterpart, it's gimmick is unfortunately it's weakness.Try going against another XTS Beyblade and one hit of its hammer extension literally puts this XTS Beyblade to a halt.  Use the XTS Half-Pipe, due to its smaller area, hitting a wall will cause Tempo Hammer to screech to a halt.This was so bad that my son was getting frustrated by it and we were both thinking, maybe it would work better if we taped it on the sides to prevent the hammer from extending and let it try to win by slamming other Beyblades.  But he figured, this is not like the metal beyblades, this is an XTS Beyblade that is meant to to fight with its hammer arms.And as I watched him try and try again, and he asking me to try it and see if I can get it to work, I realize that Tempo Hammer Hit was not that great.While there was a much better performance using a larger Hasbro stadium such as Lion's Lair with much more space, while this fixed the issue of not hitting a wall and triggering its hammer arms, it did not remedy the problem of going against the other XTS Beyblades.  One hit from its arms, it stops.While the original Hasbro XTS launcher worked well, We then tried other ways to test Tempo Hammer Hit, by using a Takara Tomy launcher because it's Japanese counterpart has a longer plastic puller/cord (note: chances of the Takara Tomy Light Launcher II prongs of breaking off the XTS are high, which my son learned after a few times playing with it.  So we used the XTS prongs and attached them to replace the Takara Tomy prongs in the Light Launcher II).  And this worked, but once again, it does not fix the problem of it knocking itself out in battle.JUDGMENT CALLWhile I know many may want to try Tempo Hammer Hit because of the success rate of its metal counterpart ala Twisted Tempo/Basalt Horogium, unfortunately the XTS version of Tempo is not the best.  It's gimmick of two hammer arms may sound appealing but it's also its biggest weakness.  As the arms hits another Beyblade, it literally stops your Beyblade.There are other XTS Beyblades that are much better than the Tempo Hammer Hit.  In fact, the two that come with the half-pipe work much better than the Tempo Hammer Hit.While my son did find other uses for Tempo Hammer Hit, to play with it on its lonesome and launch it on the table to break apart his Lego buildings that he created, defeating action figures and things like that.  In terms of an XTS Beyblade going against an another, it's not good at all.For parents, if you had to make a choice between this XTS or its metal counterpart, the metal ones which are much more cheaper is the best way to go and they perform much better.  As for educational use, the metal Beyblades were much easier as it got my son interested in astronomy, learning about rotation and recoil to even learning how to keep in track of charts on MS Excel.While the gimmick of this XTS Beyblade was a good idea, the performed was worse than we expected.  But instead of using it for battle, it's become more of a toy used with his other toys and breaking things up (ie. Legos).Once again, there are better XTS Beyblades out there and the metal Beyblades and even the Tornado Battlers will provide much more satisfaction than Tempo Hammer Hit."
"I had never played with a Beyblade toy before trying this one out.  I was impressed by the 'bulky' design and the overall weight and build of the toy.  It felt like it could take a hit and deliver one as well.  The mechanics worked pretty well too.  This particular Beyblade has two 'hammers' that eject from the sides of the top when it comes in contact with another surface on its side (via two small push button switches).  The hammers ejected every time and the mechanism felt smooth and precise.I can see the appeal of battling two tops with some friends, but as a child who often played alone, I think it would make for a great supplemental weapon for other toys.  Imagine the Joker throwing one of these at Batman and Robin.  The actual top is probably 2.5"" across, and slightly less than 2"" high (I'm eyeballing it here), so it makes for a good 'drone' or other weapon when playing with action figures, or lego/lincoln log forts.  This Beyblade is not customizable as others are, so bragging rights would seemingly be scarce against a homemade competitor."
It's a Beyblade the only difference whit this new design are the hammers they will have for effect to stop this one from spinning and in a beyblade competition you will lose and that's not good at all, it's nice and looks powerfull but is not, and I don't recommend this toy.
If you like tops and you like battles then you would think that it should follow that you'll like this top. Unfortunately, things that look good on paper don't always translate to real life. The concept of the hammer is that it has two small hammers that are hidden and activate upon contact. The only downside is that if your hammer misses its target, your top is going to come to a screeching halt and you will lose. In my experience, this happened with much greater frequency than I, or most other reviewers, would like. I'm no engineer, but there has to be a better way to execute the hidden hammer attack without killing yourself in battle.
I cannot, although I have played with a few of such antique design; in MY day (insert cane waving here) our fighting tops were powered by steam, and we LIKED it that way, despite the occasional boiler explosions and resulting scalding....A bit more seriously, it is a little tough to test these things without at least two tops and a Beystadium of some sort for testing them in; I had to acquire this top before I could begin testing theBeyblade IR Spin Galaxy PegasusI had acquired before and to settle for using a bathroom floor as an arena.  (The secret of the Beystadium is that it slopes downward towards the middle, thus forcing the tops together.)The results? The top does work.  The Hammers do deploy if the top gets whacked hard enough.But in the end it is still just a fighting top. Perhaps children who are particularly fascinated by rotational energy effects would get more of a kick out of it, but I suspect most children will lose interest rather quickly unless their friends are also into it.
"My 10-year old son is really into Beyblades, plays with his friends at school every day. He is very excited about this top, because it looks just like a regular top, but has ""hidden"" power - when hit, it spreads ""hammers"" and hits opponent tops with them. it does not work 100% of the time, but he still loves it, and can talk incessantly about the game."
This top is a blast! I love playing with it and have spent way too much time playing with it. My only wish is that they sold them in pairs. Don't buy just one, you'll be a little lonely if you do.
"Other reviewers with far great bayblade aptitude have posted on the pluses and minuses of this particular item.  Being a rather lame player myself, I can only comment that my eight year old daughter raves about this blade.  I asked her about whether it works better or worse than others and she boasted that it was ""the most challenging.""  Given the respect she earns battling her classmates, I can only assume that, in her book, this blade rocks."
Having just received theBEYBLADE XTS Half Pipe Battle Set, I was eager to add the Tempo Hammer Hit to my arsenal and see it how fared.  My son had discovered the advertisement for this folded in with the half-pipe, and as soon as he saw it he asked for it.  The design looks simply cool, with Roman numeral numbers around a pseudo-clock face.  Like all Beyblades, it is essentially a spinning top, but this one has a secret weapon.  Before you launch it, you squeeze in the outer arms to lock them in place, hidden inside the top.  There are 2 tabs on the outside that, when they hit something, release the hammers.Presumably, the goal is that when battling another top, a momentary contact will cause the hammers to release, knock down the other top, and win the battle.  It's a great idea, but reality is far more complex.Fighting against the Kerbecs Blade Blast, the Tempo Hammer Hit never got his hammers released.  The thin arms of the Kerbecs Blade Blast knocked over the Tempo Hammer hit before it could get close enough to release the Hammer.  Things looked a little better with the Pegasus Jumper.  Indeed, the Hammer Hit got close enough to launch the Hammers, but when they shot out, the Pegasus Jumper kept spinning while the Tempo Hammer Hit wobbled and fell over.In almost every battle I tried, the hammers either failed to launch or when they did launch, they just knocked over the Hammer Hit.All in all, these are fun toys and the Hammer Hit is cool enough looking that my kids enjoy playing with it.  But the gimmick just doesn't win you battles, so if you are looking for a new battle-winning Beyblade, this isn't it.
My grandson has recently become a Beyblade fanatic, so when I saw this product I just had to order it.  Well I am happy I did.  He enjoys it immensely. He gave me a lot of  specs on the top that I can't quite remember but I know the spinning effects are great.  It holds up in battle.  Something about a sharp point stop thing.  I see that other reviewers are complaining about the Hammer, well my grandson had no complaints.  He just gets down in the floor with all his other Beyblade characters sets up his arena announces the battles or whatever and goes for broke.
I had to show my 8 year old where to put the puller in the toy at first. It was a no brainer, he had this thing spinning all over the floor. It kept him busy for a while, until his arm got tired of pulling it and reconnecting together.  This was his first Beyblade.  He enjoyed it. It's sturdy and can take a beating.
Both of my boys have talked about Beyblades, but when it comes time to spend birthday money, they usually choose Ninjago.  So, they were very excited to have a chance to try this out.  We don't have a Beyblade arena, and I don't think it mattered.  The Beyblede is basically a top, which looks a lot like a Ninjago spinner, actually.  This one has little arms that come out when it's spinning, so that it can attack another spinner.  Ours spun very well--even on carpet.On the top of the Beyblade are the Roman numerals I-X....so that was the educational bit.  My kids hadn't studied them in school yet, so this prompted a quick lesson.The Beyblade seems very durable--the only issue I foresee is if they lose the long stick which starts it spinning.
If you have boys that are into Beyblades, I am sure they would love to add this to their collection.  If they like to dominate their friends in the battle then have their friend borrow the hammer hit.  When I first saw it, I thought it would do well in battle by knocking out the competition,Well it did not go down that way.  Unfortunately when the hammers put out after they are trigger the balance is thrown off.  At this point if the other beyblade hits on top of the hammer the battle end quickly with the hammer hit being stopped.Your kids will still have fun with the hammer hit and maybe your experience will be different then our experience.
This is one of those toys that don't make sense to most parents but that kids love. I never would have thought that what is basically a spinning top could keep my five and seven year old sons entertained for literally hours but it does. There is a cartoon of Bey Blade that this line of toys is based on. It seems to be similar to Pokeman and Bakugan so if your boys like those shows/toys they will probably like this.
I had heard about Beyblades, and I didn't understand the fun factor. Then I saw the picture of them on Amazon and my curiosity got the best of me - and I'm glad it did. I'm sure they'll be more fun once we get at least one more, but this one has provided hours of fun and giggling and laughs for our family, with my husband, my two young children, and I all enjoying it. (The dog isn't a huge fan, especially when the hammers deployed while he was sniffing it once!)I did notice on the box of the packaging that they recommend using it in a Beyblade arena, to be purchased separately. I don't see any reason why you'd need that. Our kitchen floor is plenty fun without having it as contained as that would make it. (I saw other reviewers mention the merits of the arenas for battles, so maybe I'll change my mind once we acquire more Beyblades.)
"My son is heavily ""into"" Bey blades- the toys (which are modern day tops) and the TV show, and the website.This is a different version of a ""regular"" Beyblade (Bey for short.) They took the ""Twisted Tempo"" Bey and put an extra ring around it, making it larger than the regular size. Then they called it ""Tempo Hammer Hit.""They also put in little plastic ""hammers"" which pop out when the gray levers on the sides are tripped.  It doesn't take much to trip the hammers out. You set the hammers ""in"" before the battle, then during the battle, once it touches the other spinning bey (or side of the arena, or whatever) the hammers pop out. This pretty much immediately ends the battle, since Tempo Hammer Hit almost always stops spinning at that point. Often, the opposing Bey is not spinning either.One thing to note, this larger bey went flying out of the Beyblade arena after hitting another ""regular"" beyblade. Use with caution.This bey also comes with a code. You enter the code on the beyblade website, (after setting up an account for free) and then you can have online ""battles"" too.So far, it seems to be quite sturdy. It's been battled several times with nothing breaking off yet. just watch out for flying beys!"
Admittedly, I don't play with Beyblades.  My son, however, is a fanatic.  He has around 18 of them... all kinds.  He said he loved this look of this one because of the  hammer action to take out other top contenders such as metal fusion Rock Leon and Earth Eagle.  Unfortunately, concept did not fully meet performance.  It did work some times, but overall he just thought is was OK.  It is cool when the hammer does pop out, but it doesn't always hit straight on.  He's going to keep this for entertainment, but not use it for competition.
Beyblade Temp Hammer HitThis is one of Beyblade's stealth battlers.  The stealth part is the little hammers that pop out to knock the other guy's top over.  If you are old enough to remember Ben-Hur, think the pop out blades on the chariot wheels.Beyblades are tops.  Probably the coolest tops I have ever seen.  My 5 year old grandson loves them.  They come with a ratcheted launch system that works very well.  They recommend only using them in their Beystadium but they work extremely well on hardwood and tile floors as just fun tops, no battle necessary.  However if you plan on using them in the Beystadium and battling another top, be prepared to be a winner with the stealth hammers on this little fellow.Very cool, too bad I'm not 50 years younger, I would buy some for myself.Good toy, lots of fun!
My son was very eager to try some of the new Beyblades that jump and have arms or projections that pop out. Tempo Hammer Hit was near the top of his list. He has enjoyed Beyblade Metal Fusion for a few years now and wanted to see how this new Beyblade stacked up to his favorite Pegasus Beyblade.Tempo Hammer Hit has two hidden hammers at opposites sides of the plastic disc that makes up the Beyblade. When contacted during a battle, the hammers will pop out and hopefully knock the other Beyblade over, thus winning the battle. Our main concern was that having just two hammers would unbalance Tempo Hammer Hit preventing it from spinning easily or continuing to battle. Another worry was that the hammers getting hit by the opponent Beyblade would cause Tempo Hammer Hit to be knocked over and stop spinning. Indeed, this seems to be the case some of the time. I'm assuming it depends on the angle in which the released hammer hits the other Beyblade. It seems to be about 50/50 whether it helps or hurts the opponent. With those odds, Tempo Hammer Hit is not a go-to Beyblade if you want to win, but it's a fun twist on the usual Beyblade battle.
