Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
"I was intrigued by the idea of a spherical puzzle that could also be used as a place to hide a small treasure, so I was eager to order and review this toy.  I gave it to my 3 1/2-year-old cousin Brandon as a ""Big Brother"" gift after the birth of his little brother in early June, and he eagerly unwrapped it and began to put it together with the help of his dad.  I am happy to report that both father and son enjoy this toy immensely, and Dad is interested in purchasing more toys from this company.  My only caution is that the age stated on the puzzle is overly optimistic--there is no way that a 3 or 4 year old could put this toy together without help--a lot of help--from a parent or other older person.  While the instructions for the puzzle are entirely in pictures, which is great, they are more helpful to the adult than to the child.  That said, however, the puzzle is fun to put together and extremely sturdy.  Perhaps thinking it was a rubber ball. Brandon threw the completed puzzle on the floor, where the puzzle pieces came apart, but the toy survived undamaged.  There is an educational element to the puzzle as well:  the child can discuss what each ""person at work"" is doing, and many enjoyable conversations can occur.  Brandon loves the puzzle, and Brandon's dad is eager to buy more toys from this excellent source, Ravensburger.  Overall, this is an excellent toy, and I recommend it.  I am eager to try out the more complicated puzzles on a slightly older child."

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.02798488177359104,0.029118087142705917,0.027057411149144173,0.027741694822907448,0.026563122868537903,0.02946646511554718,0.028322439640760422,0.028599664568901062,0.02877839468419552,0.02881690114736557,0.028638821095228195,0.02933269552886486,0.028388995677232742,0.028887756168842316,0.03054213523864746,0.029038604348897934,0.02928840182721615,0.028435813263058662,0.028041576966643333,0.028720635920763016,0.02823219634592533,0.029595330357551575,0.029639801010489464,0.027658427134156227,0.02852465584874153,0.027695192024111748,0.028459353372454643,0.02818862348794937,0.02922205813229084,0.029032647609710693,0.027879737317562103,0.029158957302570343,0.02876381203532219,0.02809693105518818,0.028087778016924858
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
The People at Work Puzzleball is challenging fun for young minds. The ball includes 40 numbered pieces and a dome to aid in the formation of the ball. My 5 year old son had no difficulties with this, and obviously it is a nice change from the usual flat puzzle piece which adds to its appeal. There are dozens of other puzzleballs to choose from, something for boys or girls. I definitely would recommend it for a puzzle enthusiast, it would make a great gift and we would try one again.
My daughter in law is always raving about how great Ravensburger toys are.  So when I saw this I thought it might be a good choice.My 6 year old grandson really enjoys this interesting toy.  He has continually taken it apart and put it back together using different techniques each time.  It seems to be a huge success.
The People At Work Puzzle Ball by Ravensburger is very well made and perfect for children of about 4 and up. Preschoolers will especially like it as it can be done fairly easily especially after some guidance the first time. The 40 curved, plastic pieces are large and colorful. The way they fit together to create a bright, smooth sphere is amazing, especially to little ones who are used to doing flat puzzles. There is no glue needed. The puzzle even comes with numbers on the pieces to help. I think the problem solving skills that this toy addresses for young children is very important as they learn about spatial relationships. My 4 year old nephew loves doing puzzles and so this one was just the perfect next step for him. He needed a little guidance at first but now likes to take it apart and put it back together over and over. A good toy with educational benefits for the preschool set!
My boys (3 and 5) are just getting into puzzles and the People At Work Children's Puzzle Ball was a perfect challenge for them.  They thought it was the coolest thing in the world that it was a round puzzle, and not one they just did on the floor.  They actually even worked together on it, which is always nice to see my boys sharing and working together.  The puzzle ball also features their favorite things:  cars and transportation!  The puzzle ball is a half a circle plastic shell that you build on and then you snap the two halves together.  The puzzle pieces are plastic and durable.  Overall, I am very impressed with the quality and challenge of this puzzle for young children. It is a unique idea and fun for something different!
ok, so my job requires me to hang out with four year olds, up to forty of them, in two shiftsthing isthey soon turn into five years oldsI got this to see how it would go; thinking, naw, they'll NEVER get it done.Morning shift my Mexican genius took it, and had it done in no time at all.Afternoon shift, we sweated and groaned over this thing all afternoonI guess where the box reads this is for people four to six years old, that leaves out anyone over six, and especially not folks pushing sixty.But WOW, did the morning genius LOVE it!after the first day we have not lost any pieces eitherseriously folks, this thing is REALLY great, really wonderful.good graphics, clear for so small and detailed.great design, especially the two retaining rings and the half dome, which really is not necessary, as the pieces are solid, and can dome up without this support, which nevertheless is very usefultry ityou'll LOVE itbut if you ARE, like me, over six, give yourself a break and take your time with it!I blame my eyesight . . .btwa clueone hemisphere has lines inside the pieces, while the other hemisphere does noteach piece has a sequential number with an arrow behind itthis helpsmy morning Mexican genius did not need this information. He was like one of those Rubic whizzes who you know, just does it?great puzzle wonderfully builtonce assembled, the pieces really stick together well, solidly. Even while constructing it, the pieces hang together tightly, meaning no need for the inner dome to build it upon. It really shapes up very solidly, unbending, and when the two halves are placed together along the inner rings, it makes a nice tight ball, seemingly unbreakable (I must admit we did not try to see what it takes to break!) and a great joy to pass around and look at the wonderful graphics of a Where's Waldo type detail.
"My kids (4 - 6) really enjoyed putting this puzzle together. The dome wasn't inherently intuitive for me, but once I figured out how to fit it on, things rolled along nicely. The puzzle pieces weren't too hard for the kids to place, but I did have to hold the puzzle steady for them.It is durable since at least one child did try to use it like a ""ball"". The first couple times it hit the floor the puzzle stayed in tact, the third time the puzzle came apart - but could be easily put back together again.My children enjoyed looking at all the various themes that were going on in the puzzle (fire scene, race car, etc.).I will say that it isn't something they have wanted to go back to and put together again and again. However, I haven't run across a lot of puzzles with enough appeal that my kids want to keep putting the same puzzle together.I may try doing things such as play ""beat the clock"" to see if they can put it together within a certain amount of time and such. We have put together the puzzle approximately three times and the pieces still fit together quite well."
Manufactured by Ravensburger, this 'People at Work' puzzle has images of, well, people doing various jobs.  It's a bright, colorful puzzle designed to be put together to form a ball.  I originally picked this up because I thought my cousins, 4 and 5 years of age, would enjoy it.  The four year old in particular is great at putting puzzles together.  Upon 'testing' it out, however, I decided this puzzle ball might be a bit much for them.  Here's a quick run down of what you get in the box.  You get: 40 rounded puzzle pieces, a plastic semi-circle, two fasteners that hold the puzzle ball together, and instructions.Pros?  I like the concept and craftsmanship.  This puzzle ball is surprisingly stable and quite durable.  You'll definitely be able to put it together and take it apart many times without it giving you any trouble.  The ball is a good size, not too small or too large.  I was surprised at how stable the puzzle ball was while I was putting it together.  I expected the puzzle to be more fragile while incomplete, but the pieces never dislodged.  Also, each puzzle piece has a number and arrow located on the back, just in case you run into trouble.Con's?  The print on some of the pieces is only fair.  It made for a few double takes when putting the puzzle together based on pictures alone.  Also, I wish they'd thought to include a stand for this so you could display your finished product.  While more of an observation based on my kid testers, I don't think a four year old will be able to do this on their own.  The right five year old might be able to work this out fine, but I would, personally place this in the 5-7 year range.Overall, I do like this puzzle.  It's definitely a unique take on puzzle making and should entertain those kids who love putting puzzles together.
My 3 year old daughter was very interested in this puzzle ball.  Though we had to help her with putting it together, it was a super neat concept and my older nephews enjoyed it even more (ages 5 and 7).  This is a high quality item and lots of fun - especially for kids who like to build and put things together.
The puzzle pieces are made of sturdy plastic. The Puzzle Ball is assembled in two separate halves with the aide of plastic hemisphere and rings. The plastic hemisphere is just a support, and the puzzle pieces snap into the rings and then the rings are snapped together to form the ball.Normal puzzle assembly strategy still applies: find all the edge pieces then work inward - because of the two separate halves. It is very easy for an adult to assemble in just a few minutes, but too difficult for a 3 year old. So probably the child does have to be 4 years old to be able to put it together. Once the two halves are snapped together the ball is very sturdy. We were able to toss it around and play with it afterwards.
After several (i meant 20-30..) flat puzzles we needed some thing different to try out. Once the kids figure out the logic of a flat puzzle then every thing else become more or less the same and they tend to go through them quickly. Kids are too young to try the 3D puzzles which require more dexterity. This falls right  in the middle. It is not very difficulty and doesnt require very fine motor skills. They provide a half ball mould that help in connecting the pieces with ease and the each semi sphere is marked with a different pattern in the back. That way the kids can divide the problem into half and assemble each side, it effectively is a 20 piece dual puzzle. Brilliantly designed, it is hard to appreciate the simplicity and variation it brings to the table without trying it once. On the first glance it looks like a simplified 3D puzzle, but is is not. It is as simple as a regular flat 20 piece puzzle for kids but it is a totally different game.I hope they will make more simple shapes like pyramids and cubes. Perfectly suited for young ones.
"I had a four-year old assemble this puzzle under supervision and I must say, it went well.  I first had him see how the ball itself worked so he understood what he had to do.  The sturdy pieces lock into place very easily while using an assembly aid.  Once assembled the ball holds ""treasures.""  Although well-built, the child has to be gentle when opening the ball.The child had fun while enhancing motor skills.  Recommended."
"We showed, to the two grand kids of the appropriate ages, this ""People At Work 40 Piece Children's Puzzle Ball"" .One was slightly older than the recommended age--he just turned seven. One was slightly younger (but not unsafely younger). However he is a precious 3 year old.They were instantly fascinated, even though People at Work is not their great interest. They like Star Wars right at the moment, and enjoy Legos.However, it was the concept of the puzzle, the curious roundness of the shape of the puzzle, and the excellent high quality of the puzzle which really captured their interest.They took it apart, under supervision, and then, with the older grandson leading the way, they handily put it together, sharing it nicely. Then as they had enjoyed it SO much, they instantly did it all over again.It was as if this puzzle, People At Work, had some sort of organically pleasing factor to it which called to their imaginations and stimulated their mental agility and creativity.I would suggest this puzzle as a great birthday present for any child of the appropriate age.Really unique for a gift or just for fun! Recommended!"
My brother and I enjoyed this puzzle and we really liked the fact that it was a ball. It was very enjoyable and durable, but it took us about three minutes to put it together so this is certainly better for younger children.
I gave this puzzle ball to my 3 year old boy, who loved it.  He enjoys puzzles and does pretty well with them.  He could not quite get all the pieces in place himself the first few times, but he now puts it together himself pretty well with minimal help.  The ideal age for this would probably be 3-5.  My 7 year old enjoyed doing this once, but I don't think she will do this very often.  My boy has pulled this out about every week for the past few weeks.The puzzle ball comes with one blue dome-shaped mold, two yellow starter rings, and two 20-piece puzzles made of hard plastic.  To get started, place a starter ring over the dome mold.  Two pieces in each puzzle have shapes on the back that fit into matching holes on the ring.The pieces for each puzzle are numbered 1-20 with arrows beside the numbers to show where to place the next piece in sequence.  Good for working on counting forwards and/or backwards up to 20.  The pieces of one puzzle have stripes on the back of each piece while the back of the pieces of the other puzzle are blank.The two completed halves fit together to form a ball.  The product description bills the finished ball as the perfect decoration for a kid's room.  My kids prefer to roll it down the hall until it comes apart.  To each his own, I guess.  I recommend this product for young puzzle lovers looking for something different.
"I was intrigued by the idea of a spherical puzzle that could also be used as a place to hide a small treasure, so I was eager to order and review this toy.  I gave it to my 3 1/2-year-old cousin Brandon as a ""Big Brother"" gift after the birth of his little brother in early June, and he eagerly unwrapped it and began to put it together with the help of his dad.  I am happy to report that both father and son enjoy this toy immensely, and Dad is interested in purchasing more toys from this company.  My only caution is that the age stated on the puzzle is overly optimistic--there is no way that a 3 or 4 year old could put this toy together without help--a lot of help--from a parent or other older person.  While the instructions for the puzzle are entirely in pictures, which is great, they are more helpful to the adult than to the child.  That said, however, the puzzle is fun to put together and extremely sturdy.  Perhaps thinking it was a rubber ball. Brandon threw the completed puzzle on the floor, where the puzzle pieces came apart, but the toy survived undamaged.  There is an educational element to the puzzle as well:  the child can discuss what each ""person at work"" is doing, and many enjoyable conversations can occur.  Brandon loves the puzzle, and Brandon's dad is eager to buy more toys from this excellent source, Ravensburger.  Overall, this is an excellent toy, and I recommend it.  I am eager to try out the more complicated puzzles on a slightly older child."
"We do a lot of puzzles at our house and this one has been an instant hit with the kids and adults.  4-7yrs is the right age range as it's a simple puzzle.  Most of the ""hard"" part is having to get over that it's not flat.  The puzzle assembles into two hemispheres that snap together.  The pieces are molded plastics that stay together very well and it comes with a frame to assemble the puzzle on so no one gets too frustrated.  This series has become a go to item for birthday gifts for us!"
"Two nieces, one nephew and I opened the ""People At Work 40 Pieces Puzzle Ball"" and we conquered it!The kids and I love to do things together and while my nephew is a bit older than the suggested ages he always likes to jump in and help his younger sisters out with tasks such as this. The pieces are extremely kid friendly and very sturdy. I mean, kids of all ages can be pretty hard on toys sometimes and there was no problem with this product standing up to three kids rushing to see who could find more pieces to match first.The thing that was fun for them was seeing the final product once we put the two half circles together to create the ""Puzzle Ball"".One thing that I liked about the puzzle itself is that you have two ways to construct it. Using the image on the outside of the ball, or on the back of each piece they are numbered. I liked this for my niece who's a bit older who's used both ways to assemble the ball a few times now.In the end, this has turned out to be a hit. I've even shared it with my cousin's kids who have also enjoyed it. I'm excited to see other puzzles from this company with different images. I think these will be the perfect birthday and Christmas gifts to come."
I am loving this puzzle ball.  The illustrations of people at work using different work related vehicles are entertaining to look at and encourage completion of the puzzle.  The puzzle pieces are plastic and can be taken apart once the puzzle is completed.  A plastic dome is included to help lay the pieces on to form the two circle ball halves and these are held together by two rings.  The rings are plastic and the backs of some pieces have shapes on them that lock into this ring that make for a sturdy ball shape.  The individual pieces are numbered from 1 to 40 so it makes this a puzzle that you may first have to help with but as your child gets older they will be able to do it on their own.  My son is seven and he enjoyed putting the puzzle together but of course at his age he did not need any help from me.  This would make an excellent birthday present for a young boy that is a unique twist on the typical puzzle.
My 5 year old nephew was interested in this toy when it first arrived but became quickly frustrated by it. The pieces are small & it was difficult for him to assemble them around the globe. We ended up doing it together, with me telling him which numbered piece to give me & me putting it together. So, it was great as a family activity, but as an individual puzzle, it's probably better suited for an older child. The colors are bright, and he had fun identifying the different jobs and vehicles.
This is a really interesting little puzzle and definitely something fun to pull out for a few hours on a rainy day.  I think it is probably perfect for a 5+ year old but your average 4 year old might have a little bit of trouble maneuvering it around to find pieces.Overall though, I like it--for the price, it is a great gift--fun and a little educational.
"This was a gift for our son's 6th birthday.  He's pretty puzzle savvy and is wonderful at problem solving and thinking outside the box.  We thought he would enjoy this, and hoped it would present a mild challenge.  It definitely presented a challenge because of the ""half dome"" that's intended to be a mold for each half of the puzzle.  For one thing, you have to work in halves of the puzzle.  That was really frustrating for our son who likes to put chunks together as he goes.  For another thing, while the pieces click together, it's not hard to knock them apart, so taking the first half off the dome could end in heartbreak if a younger sibling decides to put her juice cup close by. The super part there is that the pieces are plastic, so no worries about cardboard swelling and never fitting together again!  Now that he's put it together with our help, he can do it by himself and he's really enjoying it!  This is a great activity for nap time or just when he's got some time without his bouncy sister near by.  ;-)"
"My son, who is three, is nuts about transportation and even though it's titled ""People at work"" it mostly features vehicles. My son's a year younger than the suggested age range but I got this anyway thinking he would grow into it. Turns out, it's fine for him right now with assistance from mom (me.)As with all Ravensburger puzzles, this one is very well made. The plastic is sturdy and the pieces fit snugly together. You can assemble the puzzle by either looking at the images and putting them together, or if you're younger (like my son) the pieces have numbers on the back to tell you where they go. We used the numbers and it reinforced his counting skills, but once he knew where it would go, turning the pieces to the right orientation and making them lock into place also was something to master.Once we were done with the puzzle it made a nice, hard, plastic ball. We looked at the pictures and I asked him to describe what was going on in each scene, then we rolled the ball back and forth between us.When it was time to put it away, I discovered it was rather difficult to take apart since the pieces interlocked so tightly. But once done, my son said he wanted to do it again tomorrow."
My 3 and 4 year olds have been doing puzzles for quite a while now. They started off a couple of years back with large 9 piece puzzles and have moved their way up to 100 piece puzzles currently. When I saw the chance to review this 3D sphere puzzle, I thought it would be a good idea.The puzzle pieces are made of hard plastic, so this puzzle is quite durable, and it needs to be as after it is completed, kids will inevitably want to roll it around and play with it. It is quite durable actually and it did not even separate where the two half spheres join together after being played with for 10 minutes.The puzzle itself it a nice picture scene of different city trucks, cars, buildings, airplanes, and people. It is quite fun to assemble. There are two half sphere frames that you build upon with the curved (convex) puzzle pieces. The 2 different spheres are like 2 different puzzles. One sphere's pieces have diagonal lines printed on the back of them and the other has no lines and is completely white. Both spheres also have the pieces numbered in order as well it you need help assembling them. I am not sure why they decided to number them, but the lines/no lines does make sense as a way to keep the 2 halves apart. To make it a greater challenge you can just mix up all the pieces with their face sides up and try to do it that way!Overall 5 stars for a puzzle loving family like ours. I am sure the next kids that we pass this puzzle on too will have great fun with it too!
If you are looking for a gift for a 5 or 6 year old boy, look no further!  This ball was a HUGE hit for my son's 6th birthday... not only with him, but even with his older siblings (although it's easier for them).  It took my son about 30 minutes to figure it all out and put it together, and he keeps going back to it and wanting to build it again. So it's definitely a hit in our house of many kids!The puzzle was easy enough for him to figure out on his own with no frustration, the pieces are high quality, and the built in frame for it was well-used by him as well. The vehicles and trucks were an added bonus to my son!  Highly recommend it!
I really liked the puzzle ball.  It was not the usual toy, which I feel helped to capture and hold the attention of my little person.  I recommend for ages over 4 years old, but each parent can make this judgement call on their own.
"Whenever possible I look for Ravensburger puzzles as I know I am going to get a high quality product and one that is durable and I was not disappointed with this one.If your children are under five they might need some help even though the pieces are numbered.  What attracted me to purchasing this one was two important things: first not to many pieces to get the child annoyed and secondly it helps to promote fine motor skills and spatial awareness.This is a fun puzzle and when the child is done they will be showing the other members of the family or friends what they accomplished, also as it is a unique twist on a  ""regular"" puzzle"" plus it is not flat like regular puzzles.This toy is a  rather unusual idea and it makes a great gift to give.  I have purchased several  of these to give to friends of mine who have younger children and all of the moms agreed that it was a hit with the children, they commented how the kids loved putting this together. I highly recommend this as its a triple-threat: kids will love it, it will be educational without kids realizing  it and parents will be delighted to see there children happy and occupied on something other than DVD's, iPods, and other electronic devices."
This puzzle I got for my seven year old niece and she loves puzzles and managed to put together some with a lot of pieces. Surprisingly it took her quite some time (maybe thirty minutes give or take) to put it together. And her dad had to help her to put two halves of the sphere together. It is a good thing that it entertained her for longer than I thought it would be, but I guess ages 4 and up on this one means way up?
"My 5 year old is a puzzle whiz, and loves to do 100 or more piece puzzles.  I was worried that this puzzle would be too easy and wouldn't hold his interest. 40 pieces he put together in a snap, and would probably have enjoyed a more complicated puzzle ball, but once the ball was together, he had a ""ball"" spinning it around as well.  My 6 and 8 year olds have played with it also.  The pieces go together firmly, and doesn't fall apart that easily (which is a refreshing surprise).  Overall, I think that this is no more or less educational than any puzzle, but is made novel again by the ball formation.  I will purchase other puzzle balls that have more pieces in the future.  Solidly made, quality product that my kids like."
"My five-year-old adores puzzles of all types, the more difficult the better. This unique, sphere-shaped puzzle puts a twist on the standard puzzle by having you assemble the pieces, in two halves, against rounded plastic molds. When both sides are assembled you can put the two halves of the puzzle together to make a globe shape (the halves interlock with an interior plastic band, not via the puzzle pieces themselves). Honestly, I was surprised by how well this worked.It's a great, fun idea and my son was very excited about the assembly, which he managed fairly quickly. And I was impressed by how solid it felt once it was seated together.The final word is that my son was impressed and deemed this toy ""great"" and ""cool."" It was a project we could do, at least partly, together, and it held his interest for a good half hour. Not an easy feat."
My five-year-old niece saw a puzzle and wanted to know everything about it right then. Both of us have never worked with a round puzzle before. My niece played with this for about 30 min. She spent the rest of the time showing people the puzzle. Due to the #'s written on the back of the pieces, a younger child can put this together if they can count. An older child can challenge themselves by not looking at the #'s. I am glad I got this puzzle. I especially like puzzles because they are great to donate after I am through with them.
I was intrigued by this circular puzzle after being a fan of traditional jigsaw puzzles for many years.  This puzzle is a new spin on an old idea.As far as construction goes, the People at Work Puzzle Ball is pretty study, an important consideration when one realizes kids will be handling the pieces a lot and not merely doing the puzzle once and leaving it on display.  One half of the sphere is put together at a time, and then the two halves are placed together to complete the puzzle, which features colorful pictures of assorted vehicles, such as fire truck, ambulance, bulldozer, police car, and race cars.There are numbers which assist youngsters in correctly putting together puzzle parts.  Unlike flat puzzles, there is a drawback.  Once the pieces are put together, unless handled very carefully, they can collapse -- very frustrating.  However, kids will enjoy the novelty and stick with it, which is good to train perseverance and problem-solving skills.  This aspect can be viewed as either a reason NOT to buy the puzzle ball or to buy it to challenge kids.When the puzzle is complete, you can play with the ball gently, rolling it back and forth, but it's not suitable for rough-and-tumble outdoor play.  The puzzle is not indestructible.
I got this for 3.5 and 4.5 yr old grandkids. They worked on it together, so that no doubt helped the younger one. So if you have more than one child in the approximate age bracket, it is an activity they can do together.Most kids love puzzles, as long as they're not too complicated (or too easy). This one is just right! The 40 pieces have been taken apart and put back together several times, by the kids on their own, after the first guided go-round.As well, the fact that neither the finished product nor the pieces themselves are flat, is a bonus. Spatial skills (and small motor co-ordination) come into play. The ability of the children to visualize how pieces fit together, is a big plus. The fact that the finished ball isn't just something you necessarily break apart and store out of sight in the box, is cool as well. The kids like to create things they can show off - and they play with the finished toy as an item in its own right.5-stars - recommended!Get it - you won't be disappointed!
This is a great product, but I recommend it for 6-8 year olds, rather than 4-7 year olds, as advertised.  The puzzle pieces are shaped in a way that they fit together to make a ball.  Two plastic round circles also help keep the puzzle pieces in place.  The pieces are small, making them difficult to manipulate for a four year old.  The complexity of the puzzle also makes it more appropriate for an older age group than the one indicated.The hardness of the puzzle pieces makes them sturdy and not likely to get bent.  They can be easily broken apart so that the puzzle can be made again and again.The finished ball serves as a nice-looking figurine, but it is too hard to be used as any kind of a ball.  The pieces have bright-colored glossy designs on one side and numbers on the back side.  This allows the pieces to be put together either by number or by picture.
The People At Work 40 Piece Children's Puzzle Ball is a hit with my 3 year old grandson.  He loves puzzles and this one is more challenging than most.  I realized that when after putting a flat puzzle together recently for the first time, he turned it over and put it together on the grey side.  I asked him why and he told me the colorful side was too easy.  If you are not familiar with the round or puzzle ball concept, it is very cool.  The pieces are shaped to put on a round form.  You then put the two halves together to make a puzzle ball.  It is fun to play with an really excellent in development of fine motor control and spatial concepts.  An added plus is that Ravensburger puts together a quality product.  They are very durable and with this grandchild that is a real necessity.
"I have three puzzle-loving children, ages 3, 5, and 7, who I like to refer to as the in-house test team.  After letting them play with this product, the ""People At Work 40 Piece Children's Puzzle Ball"", here are my thoughts and impressions.The puzzle consists of 40 puzzle pieces.  With them, you build two hollow half-balls, each consisting of 20 pieces, and then join them together into one ball.  There are two rings provided where you start each half of the puzzle ball, and a blue half-ball that is used to help support the puzzle pieces as you build each half of the ball (and then take out of the completed half ball).  The pieces are made of satisfyingly thick plastic, and have identifying marks on the back so you can tell which half of the ball the piece belongs to.  The pieces of each half-ball are also numbered from 1 to 20 so you can either try to build the ball from the image on the front of the piece, or use the number on the back to sequentially build it.  Now, on to the test team.It was a bit too hard for my 3 (3 and a half actually) year old boy, although he can get it if I help him a lot.  So the fact that it's rated for ages 4 to 7 is accurate.  Surprisingly, my seven year old wasn't really interested in this puzzle, even though he routinely works on fairly complicated flat puzzles.  That left my 5 year old girl.  She *loved* the puzzle, and has built and rebuilt it several times.  She uses the numbers on the back as an aid until the last few pieces, and then she matches the images.  She hasn't played with it for a few days now that she's mastered it, but I suspect she may play with it again on a rainy day.Overall, this is a good toy.  I think my 3 year old will be able to build it by himself in another month or two.  Like most puzzles, it's not going to have a long play life unless you have several children of varying ages, but it's worth the money.  It's something different to play with, and at my kids age, variety is a good thing.  Four stars."
