Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
"I gave this toy to my niece - she loves bath toys - and seeing other reviews that say it broke fairly quickly is a real bummer. She's only played with it only a handful of times and so far it's fine.I think this is a novel concept for a doll and given that it swims, it's a lot of fun for girls even younger than 3 (my niece is 2). She has other mermaid dolls and I think this one is more durable, has a very realistic mermaid tail, etc. However, here are my gripes:- the packaging is awful. It takes ""jaws of steel"" to get this doll out - we had 2 adults trying to pry it out for a good 20 minutes! I never understand why companies make packaging so difficult.- right out of the box, the doll's hair looked matted up and like it had a butchered up haircut. It gets even worse after every swim..."

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.0764894112944603,0.07823741436004639,0.0902150496840477,0.07831945270299911,0.08509401232004166,0.06408141553401947,0.08005519956350327,0.10289537161588669,0.0824025496840477,0.07528146356344223,0.07614310830831528,0.11078551411628723
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
I gave this to my 5 year old, and both she and her older sister think the mermaid is fun for bath time.  I think she'll be even more fun once summer gets here and we can take her in the swimming pool!The doll has sensors, so when she is in the water, her tail swishes and propels her along.  I noticed that you can hear the motor working, but my kids haven't mentioned it, so it's no big deal.  The Moxie Mermaid has worked well for us each time we've put her in the water (She's also a fun doll on dry ground!).I really appreciate that she's wearing a little dress to cover her up.  She's a bit more modest than your average sea-shell wearing mermaid.
Moxie Girlz Magic Swim Mermaid Doll is a toy ready to take to the water and start swimming. The doll takes two AA batteries and has no on/off switch. Instead, you just place her in the tub, swimming pool, etc., and once the moisture- sensing mechanism detects water, the mermaid starts to swim.Judging this doll by my girls' reactions, Moxie Girlz Magic Swim Mermaid Doll is a big hit and worthy of a high rating. My girls' love mermaids and they love the water. They love Barbie and, while this is not a Barbie doll, it does look like one and that only adds to her appeal.This doll is interesting in the way she starts to swim upon touching the water. I didn't know she worked this way at first and I kept looking for an on/off switch that wasn't there. A quick check of the internet and I learned that the doll turns herself on and off. However, I noticed that she doesn't stop flapping immediately. She will continue to squirm and flap when taken from the tub and my girls have described it as a little creepy. It takes time for her to stop.So far, this doll has held up but it just seems like a matter of time until something goes wrong. The batteries are one concern. They are difficult to get in and out and part of the reason is because the compartment needs to be water tight. In my estimation, it seems like only a matter of time before the water seeps in and the doll malfunctions or before something else goes wrong. I noticed from reading other reviews that this has already been the case for others. I will keep my fingers crossed, but I won't be that surprised if the doll stops swimming at some point.Still, rated for what it is and for the joy it has brought my girls, this seems to be a good toy. It has been loads of fun for my girls who continue to play with it every time they take a bath. They will likely use it until it breaks down completely- I just hope that moment isn't just around the corner, like I fear.
My grandaughter loved that she got what she calls a real mermaid doll. It is supposed to swim when she senses she is in the water.  Wether she swims or not my grandaughters love this doll cute doll.Ours did not swim at first, but my son did something to the batter pack and changed out the batteries and she worked. Guess it was a loose connection. RenitaAdd a little bit of tin foil to make the battery connections tighter.
The Moxie Girlz Magic Swim Mermaid Doll is bath and pool time favorite in our house.  The doll moves its tail when it comes into contact with water and swims at a slow and steady pace.  Its fun to for the kids to chase her in the pool.  Its otherwise a pretty simple toy but any girl that loves mermaids is sure to be happy with this one.
It is hard to review something that I have not used-this being a toy I gave it to my daughter so I will review it based on the things she told me:She liked mermaid part of the toy, did not like the way that the hair felt in her fingers and liked the little outfit she was wearing.Asked her if she would buy it for one of her friends for a birthday and she said yes definately!  Lol
"My 9 year old LOVES mermaids and has since she was old enough to watch ""The Little Mermaid"".  She's also a fan of Moxie girlz since Bratz aren't allowed in our house.  So when she saw theMoxie Girlz Magic Swim Mermaid Doll - Averydoll, she flipped and asked for it for her birthday.  However, I was fortunate enough to be offered the chance to try it out and review so she got to have it early.First impressions:After we got her out of the packaging, which was a nightmare, we were able to give her a try.She's a very pretty doll.  My daughter received Avery, the blonde mermaid who has a sparkly pink peplum shirt (removable) and a rubbery sparkle tail.  She is the size of a typical Barbie doll.  The tail/fins are not removable, she is a real mermaid and has no legs.It isn't clear on the packaging that she needs batteries but by going to the website, we learned she needs 2 AAA batteries.  They are inserted in the back after removing a panel that is fastened with two small screws.  You'll need a phillips head screwdriver and strong hands to remove the panel.Once we got the batteries installed, we were ready to try it out in the bathtub.  She filled up the tub with clear water and set Avery off swimming.Fail.  Avery barely moves her tail and makes a grinding noise while doing it.  It sort of sounds like an electric toothbrush or cordless drill that is running out of battery.  The dolls face stays submerged and as she slowly propelled herself around the tub, my daughter said ""I think she's almost dead"".The doll can be used in a pool too so my daughter still takes her with us to the rec center pool and just plays with her like a regular doll.  I'm not sure what the other reviewer meant by the doll can only be used in ""clean"" water, our pool water IS clean and it's fine to use it.  Regular tap water that comes out of your faucets for bathing, drinking and cooking has chlorine in it so they're not that different.  I wouldn't play with this toy in a pond, river or at the beach though, it would definitely ruin it.I asked my daughter if she would have been happy had she saved her money and bought this, or if it had been given as a gift and she said ""not so much"" because there are lots of non-moving mermaid dolls out there for a lot less and that's what this mermaid ends up being after about 10 minutes anyway."
ok this doesn't really swim but just kind of bob up and down awkwardly. we tried all sorts of batteries and it still always operated like the batteries were almost dead...doll would hardly move at all. my daughter just played with it like a barbie doll...and was very disappointed there was no magic about it
"Not only is the Moxie Girlz Magic Swim Mermaid Avery doll adorable, but she's fully functional, too!  I was amazed at how this doll worked, and my daughter was just plain in love!  She didn't care about the science of it, which was the one thing that fascinated the adults at her birthday party, she just thought she was beautiful and amazing!  Her exact words, ""Wow!""  How does it get better than that?This is a nice size doll, larger than the Barbie mermaids.  The tail is also a different texture than the other mermaids we have, it's rubbery and almost real feeling when in the water.  The battery compartment is on her back, and is very secure and seems to be (thus far) water tight.  She is also a bit more modest than the Barbie mermaids, if that matters to anyone.I think this doll will thrill any little girl that is a fan of mermaids, and truthfully, I don't know many who aren't!  The price is right, and seems like she will last through many undersea adventures."
The doll has great idea, swims flaps in water, and my daughter loves mermaids and playing in water. I have not faced problems so far, and the bath tub sessions have become so much fun.
My daughter has gotten into toy dolls so when I saw this I thought I would get it for her.  She loves mermaids also so it was a win win situation. I put the toy in water and it swims like all the other toys that claims they swim.  It has a swivel waist and a rubber like tail that moves up and down so it makes it move through the water.  The design of the doll reminds me of the Bratz's line which I personally didn't like because I felt it encouraged children that being a brat was something to be proud of.  This doll comes with a red frilly halter top with a big red bow in the middle.  Her hair is blond and she has anime style eyes with pink lips. It requires 2xAAA batteries to operate.  My daughter enjoyed it so hopefully yours does also.
Moxie Girlz Magic Swim Mermaid Doll - Avery is an adorable bath toy that your child will love. It requires 2 AA batteries which are not included. Once you install the batteries simply put her in water and watch her swim.The doll has a built in sensor so she will only start swimming when she is in contact with water. If your child wants to play with her out of the tub then she wont turn on. This could be a good or a bad thing as it doesn't drain it's batteries unnecessarily. Also she doesn't swim super fast, however my daughter doesn't seem to care about that she's just thrilled to play with a mermaid!. This is a charming toy, one that little girls everywhere will love.
"I gave this toy to my niece - she loves bath toys - and seeing other reviews that say it broke fairly quickly is a real bummer. She's only played with it only a handful of times and so far it's fine.I think this is a novel concept for a doll and given that it swims, it's a lot of fun for girls even younger than 3 (my niece is 2). She has other mermaid dolls and I think this one is more durable, has a very realistic mermaid tail, etc. However, here are my gripes:- the packaging is awful. It takes ""jaws of steel"" to get this doll out - we had 2 adults trying to pry it out for a good 20 minutes! I never understand why companies make packaging so difficult.- right out of the box, the doll's hair looked matted up and like it had a butchered up haircut. It gets even worse after every swim..."
