Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
Another wonderful puzzle from Ravensburger. Great quality pieces that fit together snugly without needing to be forced. The colors are nice and vibrant, and the picture is lovely. This is a good choice for kids moving up from 100-piece puzzles since the pieces are similarly sized. Ideal for anyone who enjoys sea life images.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.10145319998264313,0.09763260930776596,0.09861361980438232,0.09911607205867767,0.09562475979328156,0.10100480169057846,0.10132978856563568,0.10438109934329987,0.10018949210643768,0.10065451264381409
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
"Ravensburger makes the bet puzzles! This pieces are a large size, super sturdy, and fit really well. The image is colorful and fun, and the kids love to work on it. If you ever attempted to put together cheaper puzzles, you know what I mean when I say the pieces ""fit really well"".... and no piece is like the other, another pet peeve of mine when it comes to lower quality puzzles.This 300 piece puzzle will be great for kids who have mastered the 100-piece puzzles but are not quite ready yet for the grown ups puzzles. This one is a great product!"
"Ravensburger, to me, means quality. They create some of the finest quality puzzles and games I've seen. The Beneath The Waves puzzle is another great one from this company. The pieces are sturdy and fit together with assurance. They lay flat and are thick enough that they aren't going to bend, warp, or peel over time. The picture is beautiful, detailed, and of fine quality.My teen daughter has enjoyed putting this puzzle together a couple of times so far. She has collected several over the years and rates this one ""a big thumbs up."" Working a puzzle is such a relaxing thing to do by yourself or with family and friends!  Invite people over, have a bite to eat and work a puzzle.  The conversation flows and so do the warm, good feelings."
"My family found this to be a really great puzzle. We are not a ""puzzle family"", but we found the puzzle to be very fun and the crystal clear pictures and heavy-duty pieces made it even more enjoyable. You just can't beat Ravensburger puzzles in quality and manufacturing excellence. I would rate this as easy (though not pathetically so) and both my seven year old and three year old daughters were able to easily participate with only a few frustrating stretches. After working together to frame up the puzzle by completing the boundaries, it didn't take the girls too long to complete the puzzle with help from Mom and Dad. There is so much color variation that it wasn't too hard to tell where in the puzzle each of the pieces went when you picked them up.  I think experts could finish it in half an hour and families could easily finish it in one day."
"For a child who loves puzzles, Ravensburger is the best. This 300 piece puzzle (27"" x 20"") is challenging enough for an older child, and easily manipulated by the younger child. The large piece format is easy to see and handle. The colorful array of fish are presented from different perspectives so the child must be attentive to details of color and space. Each piece interlocks well, and when completed the puzzle lays flat. Puzzles are an excellent way for adult and child to interact. The activity promotes problem solving, stimulates conversation, and enhances fine motor skills. Another excellent product from Ravensburger !"
Ravensburger puzzles are nice high quality, as I already own another 300 piece puzzle from them,Beacon Hill, Boston 300 Piece Large Format Puzzle, which I really enjoyed.As with that one, this I would say is on the moderate level of jigsaw puzzles.The finished product is worthy of framing IMO, but I have yet to preserve/frame any of my puzzles, would be neat to do someday though.I really liked jigsaw puzzles when I was kid, now me and my two nephews enjoy doing them.
This is our third Ravensburger puzzle and I couldn't recommend them more for those who enjoy putting together a good quality puzzle. The quality of the pieces is very good. We have had no problems with pieces bending or fraying. The reverse side of the pieces has a soft, blue texture. The image is also very good quality. Not pixilated as you will see on some lower quality puzzles. I put this and a 500 piece Ravensburger puzzle together along with my two daughters who are 4 and 6. This one was a little bit easier as the pieces are obviously a little bit larger. I would recommend this puzzle for anyone over age 8 or so.
This 300 piece puzzle was just complicated enough to entertain my family this afternoon after the electronic devices were unplugged and we'd settled down to spend time together.  Yet, it's a simple puzzle with clear color zones (dark blue, purple, coral shapes, fish patterns) which makes it easy to solve in just a few hours.  This is just the right size for puzzle lovers who don't want to make a big time commitment, but want to enjoy the fellowship that puzzles inspire.The puzzle has a large fish in the center that provided some initial challenge, but great satisfaction as my 5-year-old and I found and fitted the pieces together.  My kids enjoyed putting together some of the smaller fish and colored areas.  My husband joined in to sort out the two matching red/white striped lionfish.The colors are rich and the pieces are smooth and fit together nicely.  Ravensburger really does make an excellent product that we'll enjoy each time we put this puzzle together.It's a terrific next step puzzle for my kids who have mastered assembling 100 piece puzzles--but who aren't ready for the big ones yet.
Another wonderful puzzle from Ravensburger. Great quality pieces that fit together snugly without needing to be forced. The colors are nice and vibrant, and the picture is lovely. This is a good choice for kids moving up from 100-piece puzzles since the pieces are similarly sized. Ideal for anyone who enjoys sea life images.
My sons and I really enjoyed this puzzle.  It has large enough pieces for them (or for people who have trouble seeing) in comparison to those really little puzzle pieces I am more accustomed to seeing.  The color/picture quality is fantastic too!  It was very vibrant and fun to watch come together.My kids are 6 and 8.  I don't expect they would be able to do this puzzle by themselves, but they are not experienced in putting puzzles together beyond 50 pieces.  If your child can do 100 pieces with no problem, this might be a good one to challenge them a little more.I did not have any problems with the quality of the pieces (no sea like appearance from warped pieces in my box)I would not hesitate to gift or buy a different Ravensurger Puzzle in the future.
The Ravensburger puzzle was well made and well cut. My 9 year old daughter is very good with puzzles and took about 3 hours to assemble this puzzle. It is colorful and interesting.
