Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
Combine one two-year-old, one four-year-old, one Deco Mandala-Designer Drawing Machine, and what do you have? Hours of creative fun (as well as some unintentionally decorated walls) and two happy little girls! The girls aren't up to the more intricate designs just yet but they still had a BALL with this kit. I definitely recommend this for a rainy afternoon activity.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.04895443096756935,0.04357592761516571,0.047800857573747635,0.047150563448667526,0.041407596319913864,0.04924540966749191,0.042520344257354736,0.046246252954006195,0.0462389774620533,0.0501919761300087,0.04496689513325691,0.046436209231615067,0.045008327811956406,0.04610167443752289,0.045945871621370316,0.045813094824552536,0.04343452304601669,0.04853144288063049,0.041365187615156174,0.04048004373908043,0.045471396297216415,0.043113041669130325
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
This is really a clever tool for doing art.  I thought it was sort of complicated and was worried my grandson would not be able to figure it out.  Instead the 6 year year old understood it right away.  He got down to business right away and in no time had produced a work of art.  After creating the mandala he used paint or chalk and made it even more interesting.It does require a great deal of patience to enjoy this tool.  I am a mixed media artist and don't think I could have the patience to do this project for any length of time.  However if one has the patience as my grandson did, you can produce something really fun.There are several different templates which can be put into place on the wheel.  You put a piece of paper down first...paper already cut to the right size is provided...then you put the templates down.  You draw into each space with the provided pen.  Then you move the wheels forward using the tool.  You repeat this process all the way around.  This creates a mandala made of repeated shapes all neatly spaced equally apart.I have been very impressed at the various projects that my grandson has created.  I would say however that the staying power of interest in this must be sort of limited.  I suspect most kids would be tired of this fairly quickly.  I also think that it is rather pricey.
"I had thought that because this was by Ravensburger that it would be high quality.As a toy for a 6-10 year old, this really comes up short.First off, it has a clever idea:  a stable place to put the design paper with stencils that rotate above it, for uniformity.  However, the designs aren't really meant to work when the stencils rotate.  Mostly, they are for simply tracing. You can use the batteries (add four AA's)to make it automatic, but it just moves the stencil around like a dial, it doesn't allow the design to continue in a circle.  I'm sorry this doesn't sound clearer, but this isn't a clear toy to use.  It's just an elevated stencil that is supposed to look more high tech because it moves.  It makes a heck of a lot of noise, and doesn't do much else.It comes with a very cute butterfly punch (the best of the whole package) and a design stamp.  It comes with one ink pen (they really should have had a whole set of felt tips to fill in the stencil openings...the fine tip requires lots of scribbling to make work.  Two large purple stencils and three small are included.  They include 8 pieces of paper to get started, and wouldn't you know it, regular printer paper is too large by 1/4"".  So, you'll have to cut more or buy more.Given that you are just getting a few stencils, this is inordinately large.  The plastic case around it has a lid and places for the accessories, but the lid popped off immediately when we used it and the rest of pieces feel cheap.For educational value, I don't any value.For fun, maybe a few minutes out of the sheer newness of it might entertain a kid.  Sadly, my kid went for the large Amazon box it came in to play with...fifteen minutes after this was opened.Durability?  This plastic will last forever, but all in one piece and working, doubtful, especially that any pressure put on the stencil by the child's hands makes the little motor groan."
My rating is probably closer to 3.5 stars, but I'll go with 4.This wasn't completely what I thought it was going to be. It doesn't do as much as I was expecting. I wanted it to make greeting cards with it, but my results looked less professional than I had hoped. Don't get me wrong. I wasn't expecting anything magnificent, but I thought it would look better than what I ended up with. That could be more my fault than anything else, though.The thing that I dislike the most is the type of pen you have to use. I wish it would work with colored pencils. You have to use a TINY pen with the stencils. You're suppose to color in after you've traced the stencil, but I think options would be so much greater if this product could be used with other things. My son really enjoyed playing with the stamp and butterfly punch. There's only one of each. A couple more stamps would have added to the fun! The paper it uses(comes with 10 sheets) is smaller than letter size, so you'll have to buy more or cut your paper to fit when you run out.This product does need 4 AA batteries, so make sure you buy some of those, too!Overall, it's fun to play with. I think younger girls would have a blast with it, and I do think they are its target age group. I feel like the price is a bit much for what it does, though.
"Do your girls like to make things out of paper? Are you always running out of paints, glitter, and glue? Are new markers and crayons a big occasion in your home? Is buying construction paper a staple in your house?The Mandala Designer from Ravensburger (they have manufactured high quality puzzles for years) is a creative outlet for artistic girls. According to the full color instructional booklet, Mandalas are from India and mean ""circle."" They are used to help people meditate (if you have seen the movie ""Kundun"" about the Dalai Lama in Tibet, you will have seen Tibetan monks making elaborate Mandalas using colored sand).The instructional book includes example projects (photo frame, round paper box, greeting cards, light shades, coasters and even gift wrap).The way the designer works is this: you will need to install four AA batteries (you will need a Phillips head screwdriver to open the battery compartment). Batteries and tool are not included. Once the batteries are in place, the toy is very straight forward. My oldest child is seven and she had it figured out in moments. You slip a piece of white paper into the paper slot. You choose a large stencil and lock it into place using yellow clips on the designer frame. Using a fine point marker, you trace your designs onto the paper as desired. If the marker dries out, it can be easily replaced at any local craft store. If you run out of paper, additional pieces can be cut in the correct size, the exact dimensions are included in the ""Questions"" section of the booklet. The stencil is then rotated in the frame by pressing arrow keys on the designer. This eliminates any inconsistent spacing. Once you are finished outlining your design, you then mark the edges of your circle using holes in the stencil, and cut out the circle using scissors (scissors not included). The frame has convenient holders for the included butterfly cutter and butterfly garland stamp. When your design is complete, add your favorite colors (my girls prefer fine tip markers, glitter glue and paints, none of which are included).The quality of this product is excellent. The stencils were made with great care so that the rotation of the frame makes exquisite designs on the paper.This would make an excellent craft to bring in to school for a world crafts type project. It would be fun to explore the history of Mandalas in India with your child's classmates and have them give it a try for Show and Tell or a unique craft project.I would recommend this for pre-teens, about ages 7 and up. Smaller children will struggle with marking the stencils onto the paper using the fine point.A fun, artistic craft for girls. This is a great rainy day project for you to do with your daughters."
"I chose this with my crafty 7 year old daughter in mind. She absolutely loves it! My 5 year old even got in on the drawing action. This toy is very easy to use and super durable. After two weeks it is still something they choose to play with. Very little assembly was a plus. I know moms and kids alike appreciate a toy that can be used quickly once the packaging has been disposed of.It is a little pricey for what you actually get. It comes with interchangeable round stencils, stamps, a pen, paper and a butterfly punch. More accessories would be great, but I guess we can purchase those separately. More paper would have been another plus. My kids went through all 10 sheets in one sitting.Even though I'd be hard pressed to call this a ""value"" it is tons of fun! We homeschool and this gives us something different to do for art. My daughter even uses the stencils while making picture graphs in math. It will definitely get tons of use in our home."
So, my daughter was very excited to open this and start playing with it.  While unpacking and putting things in place, the stamp broke into two pieces.  Not a good sign, if things start breaking even before my kids start playing with it.  Toy parts and materials don't seem too durable.  She enjoyed playing with this for about an hour.  Doesn't seem to have much staying-power.  It's been two weeks since we got it for her and she hasn't touched it again.
"I chose this machine because I thought it would be a neat addition to arts and crafts. The age range is 6 - 12 years. It is a typical, plastic made machine. The plastic make it light weight (a plus), but also seems a bit fragile (a minus). Opening the large box you are greeted with an instruction books that starts by letting you know what is included in the box (plus), then defining what a mandala is (plus), the right into how to design (minus). I would have liked a bit more of an introduction to the parts. However, the steps not only have words, but also a color photo letting you know how things should look (big plus). Once going through the entire booklet, it's time to get started.There is one problem - the machine needs batteries and it doesn't come with batteries. I know, this is just a pet peeve of mine - but for the price listed they could throw in even a cheap battery so you could get started right out the gate.The machine isn't hard to use (a plus), it just wasn't intuitive for me (a minus). So - to none craft machine parents like myself - set this up before you show it to your kids!My 6 year old was rearing to go and I was still putting things in place. But, as long as your ink is working (my was fine, but the booklet says for you to test it out) they can at least begin a stamping frenzy.Once things got going, it was fun. However, 10 pieces of paper go quickly - especially if you have more than one child. So, while its a really fun craft machine (plus), only 10 sheets of the custom cut paper is included (minus). If I was thinking I would have saved a piece and cut paper to match the size exactly before we used it all up. It was fun, but my kids haven't asked to use it anymore. So, it would take up a bit of space to not be used. But, they are on the lower end of the age range. I would imagine a craft loving 9 - 12 year old would get more use than the 6 - 7 or 8 year old crowd.So, this isn't a ""bad"" toy at all. But, I think it has a specific market. I would definitely buy this for a ten year old female that loved doing crafts, drawing pictures, and making handwritten notes really pretty and fun. It may not be the best gift for a girl that didn't love crafts or one that was on the younger end of the spectrum (I wouldn't buy it for a little girl just turning 6).  Again, it isn't bad, just reaches a very specific audience."
My daughter and I are very creative people. We both equally could spend hours drawing, painting, cutting, and trimming up and on paper. If you are like us in any way, I guarantee you'll be very impressed with the Deco Mandala-Designer Drawing Machine by Ravensburger.This set is a great way to create paper projects of all kinds. The booklet itself instructs how to make Mandala Phote Frame, Round Box, Greeting Cards, Light Shades, Coasters, and Gift Wrap Paper! The possibilities are endless only inspiring the user with every project they make!To begin use, you'll need 4 double A batteries to run that aren't included so if you are looking to get this set, make sure you have some around. I am currently using rechargeable batteries in ours because it's going to be getting tons of use.The set includes 2 large stencils, 3 smaller stencils, 10 sheets of starter paper,1 felt-tip pen a butterfly self inking stamp, and butterfly paper punch. The stamp and punch have a place to store on the machine case which is very helpful with keeping everything together outside of the box it came in!How it works is you insert a piece of paper into the machine and then choose what design stencil you'd like to use. You will then lock the stencil securely into in place with the four tabs located in the machine. After that you take the felt-tip pen provided and trace the stencil onto the paper, pressing the rotation button to move the design in a clock wise manner to trace another or the same design in whatever work of art you'd like to create. After stenciling you can then let your child color the design and continue creating to their hearts desire!We really like this product and highly recommend it!
"This item is rather cheaply made. The kids enjoyed drawing with in and creating their own art work, but the battery powered ""turntable"" is rather rickety and cheap and the storage spot in the top of the lid for extra templates is pretty much non-functional. Furthermore, the picture on the box shows colored pencils, which do NOT come with the machine. You get one fine tip marker. My kids are young, so they had to wait until I could go out and buy colored pencils (they are not to be trusted with markers!). Lastly, it only comes with ten pieces of paper. It is a special size that fits the machine, so when the paper runs out (any minute) I will be cutting computer paper to fit. It's fine; the kids enjoyed it, but for the price, I don't know if the quality is really there. If my kids were writing the review, however, it would get closer to four stars...so maybe that is what really counts?"
Combine one two-year-old, one four-year-old, one Deco Mandala-Designer Drawing Machine, and what do you have? Hours of creative fun (as well as some unintentionally decorated walls) and two happy little girls! The girls aren't up to the more intricate designs just yet but they still had a BALL with this kit. I definitely recommend this for a rainy afternoon activity.
I give this toy very high ratings, because I enjoyed it myself tremendously. However, if you are not the kind of person who can spend hours and hours blissfully letting the world go by as you create crafty little projects while watching TV or listening to music, just pass it by. Without that definite taste in hobbies, this will turn you off in just a few minutes.The Deco Mandala-Designer will be just as much fun as you make it! (And do stock up on batteries.)
What a great toy! My daughter has been using her mandala everyday for the past couple of months. She is always finding new things to create and has so much fun doing so. She is able to place the paper into the mandala herself, add the stencils, and lock them into place with no help. she has made dozens, maybe 100 different creations. Yes, many are similar, but she gets better and better each time. This set may have been a little above her age, but she had become a master after only a couple of weeks. We both love that you can buy many different stencils to go into the mandala.Ravensburger 2-in-1 Mandala-Designer - Romanticthis is but 1 of many that will fit into the mandala machine. It changes things up a bit and allows her to be even more creative. This machine allows for precise spaces in between each design because it spins about an inch with each press of a button either right or left. If you have or know a little girl who loves to draw and create works of art, this is a wonderful addition to their art station. I will most definitely buy more sets for my daughter, as she loves her mandala so much.
"We usually love Ravensburger stuff so we thought we'd like this, but it's just okay. There is nothing this ""Drawing Machine"" does that you can't do with plain stencils.  It just limits where you can put any shape on the paper.  For instance the letters can only be on the outside edges and can only be circular around the edge.  The designs are also very limited.  Our kids did enjoy it for a little while, but it does get very old and permanently tossed to the side pretty quickly.  This just seems way too expensive for that amount of use.  I would suggest simply buying some stencils if this is the type of thing you're looking for."
"This drawing machine brings some art history from another country to your home.  Mandalas are from India and mean ""circle"".  In India mandalas are used for meditation purposes but girls can also use them for a wide range of art projects thanks to this drawing machine.  The machine is a pleasing pink color which was an instant hit with my daughter.  She is five but had no problem doing the stencils with the included marker.  I too would like to have seen a few more markers included but we just used the colored pencils we already own to color in the designs.  The butterfly paper punch was a big hit since it enabled us to make 3D butterflies on a birthday card for her grandmother.  I am not convinced that the battery operated way to move the stencil is preferable over a manual function.  This is due to the cost of replacing batteries, the noise and the potential for breakage but my daughter seems to feel like she is really doing ""something"".  Overall there is not a lot included with this machine which is why I subtracted a star but it has inspired several art projects that my little girl has really enjoyed.  My daughter has had to miss several days of school this year due to some health issues and this little machine has brightened some rainy days. So, for us I feel the overall concept deserved four stars."
The  Machine comes with:2 large stencils3 small stencils6 colored pencils10 sheets of paper1 felt tip penglueglitterWe did not have much fun with this. The lid of the toy will not stay on.  It seems very cheaply made. The instuctions were not easy to follow.  We ended up just using the stencils on their on instead of with the machine.
"I was very excited about getting this for my very artistic 6-year-old daughter.  Having gotten it as a free test product, I'm not sorely disappointed, but for the asking price, I would not have been at all pleased.It comes with 2 large stencils, 3 small stencils, 10 sheets of custom-sized paper,1 felt-tip permanent marker a butterfly stamper, paper punch. That's it. My daughter loved the idea of this, and so did I. I fully expected her to spend hours playing with it. 20 minutes in, she decided it was too much work.  An older child may have a better time with it, but for a child of age 6, it's rather complicated.PROS: It has serious potential, but very limited options. There are lots of mandala designs you could make, but only in 2 sizes.CONS:Custom sized paper will have to be cut to fit if you want to make more than 10 designs (very likely)There is only 1 stamper and 1 punch. If you have similar supplies for scrapbooks, you could use them, but most will not fit into the specially shaped slots designed for the stamper to ""reach"" the page.The batteries are a waste of money. This could have easily been made with a manual turning device.The option of buying additional discs/stamps/punches would give this far more creative potential.Overall, it's probably best suited for a child over age 8 or 9. The age 6 minimum is pretty low. I don't feel this is worth the almost $50 it's currently listed at."
This mandala is a great way to create repetitive designs that kids can color in. It is easy enough for a 6 year old to use on his own (my 3.5 year old needed a little help).  They loved using all the templates, especially the letters allowing them to spell their own names on designs.  The mandala comes with the template circles, paper and a fine felt tip marker.  Others have commented on not having enough paper, but it is easy enough to cut your own paper into the right size square (and allows you to use different types of paper!).  My only real gripe is that it only comes with one pen.  If the kids leave the cap off too long,  it will dry out and we would be without... I do have some fine tip pens that will work - permanent ones work best but they have to be very fine with a long enough tip to easily go into the template holes. I wish this product came with a few extra pens (maybe even different colors?).Otherwise, my kids love this mandala and it folds up into a case so it is easy to store.  The designs they can create are endless so this is something that can be used over and over again.  It is a little overpriced in my opinion, but Amazon's price is definitely lower than other retailers...
"When this showed up at our house, even I was a little intimidated and I hadn't even handed it over to my niece (9) yet. The box itself is covered in tons of text in 3 different languages, lots of clutter, making it hard to even decipher what the toy actually was. However, when we opened the box we easily figured it out...probably because it's a lot less ""high tech"" than Ravensburger is trying to make it appear.The toy is really just a cool set of stencils, great for a 6-7 year old. It does require batteries, so make sure you have AA's on hand and the batteries only make one part turn in a simple circle. It's not necessary for the toy to be fun and it was actually noisy and more than a bit annoying while she was using it. After awhile, she gave up on the rotating part.I didn't care for the fact that the paper is a weird size, so when we end up running out of what was provided in the box, we have to cut paper to a specific size. That not only wastes scraps of paper, but seems like something that could have been fixed with a bit of resizing of the toy itself.Overall, it's a cute toy that will be fun for a short period of time for a young child. I wouldn't buy this for anyone over the age of 7 or you run the risk of them being bored very quickly.I also feel it's overpriced for what you actually get. I wasn't impressed with the machine and though it did bring fun for my niece briefly, it's not worth almost $50."
When my 7 year old opened the box, she was excited about a new tool for art. She loves to draw and create and this toy seemed to fit the bill. Right away, I was impressed by the ease of packaging. It's not Amazon's famous Frustration-Free but it was close! The only thing you need to supply is the 4 AA batteries. We were set to go in minutes and the handy booklet included got us off and drawing! It is easy to use, fun to play with, and has multiple ideas for art projects. It comes with square paper but she went through the 10 sheets quickly. We used copy paper after that. I think our favorite part is the 3D butterfly punch. This is certainly a wonderful tool for a creative girl!
I think its crazy that this toy has batteries so that you can push a button to turn the stencil. I would much prefer if it were manually operated - who wants to bother with batteries! You'll want to get special fine-tipped colored pens to go with the single pen they provide. Also expect to be cutting paper to fit when the 10 sheets are used up.The butterfly punch and stamp are neat, and I love the fact that there is so much room for creativity without being too open-ended. There are several different designs to mix and match on the two large stencils and the one smaller one (for a mandala within a mandala.) There is also a cut-out for writing something in (ex. your name.)My girls will love this toy! I think a boy would also enjoy this if it weren't so girlish in theme.For a simpler, less expensive version of this, do a search for mandala and stencil in games and toys.Ravensburger 2-in-1 Mandala-Designer - RomanticYou can get several for the same cost of one of these.
My daughter loved this toy and has spent hours and hours playing with it. She makes little mandalas and colors them, sends them to friends, makes more. I agree with some of the other reviewers that a nice fine tip additional pen would add to the fun and we also used our own pencils and markers to color. She's already gone through the paper, but all you have to do is cut your own paper to fit.Simply a great toy if you have creative kid that enjoys stencils and coloring!
The stencils were probably the best part.  But colored pencils, some paper, glue and glitter and that's about all you get.  The machine that came with it is junk.
