Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
If you take a look at my reviews, you'll see I own approximately 11 billion Ravensburger games.  Okay, that's kind of an exaggeration, but the bottom line is that we, as a family, are Ravensburger enthusiasts.  For quality of construction and appeal of the games, they simply can't be beat.  Every time I get a new one, I wonder if it can be as good as some of the others I own, and I consistently find that, yes, they can be every bit as good, if not better.Like many of the Ravensburger games, this one may seem a bit overwhelming at first blush.  Though I didn't think the learning curve on it was too steep, it does take some thought to figure it out.  However, once you understand how it works, it's easy to remember the rules--and that's when the real fun begins.The basic objective of Seeland is to gain the most points by building and completing farms.  By placing your windmills in choice spots and carefully surrounding them with crops with high points values, you can quickly pull ahead of your opponents.  However, you can also employ a lot of other strategies in an attempt to lessen the number of points your opponents can gain: you can try to prevent them from being able to move to stalls to purchase choice windmill plans or bags of seeds, you can surround their farms with zero and low value tiles, and you can try to arrange it so their farms offer monoculture, which results in an overall value of zero for that farm.These strategic aspects are exactly why I love Ravensburger games.  Though we do enjoy some simple board games, we continuously go back to the games that demand more devious thinking in order to secure victory.  Though these games are simple enough to play once you get the hang of them, they require a lot of planning, analyzing, and critical thought in order to win, particularly if you're playing against subtle strategists.  Not only do my husband and I enjoy this game, my eight-year-old daughter loves it as well and she is extremely good at it.  So good at it, in fact, that she has beaten me by about one hundred points on more than one occasion.  I really like that she is so engaged with this game, that she's doing so much analysis of the board and plotting ahead that she consistently surprises me.  This makes the game very challenging, but also very rewarding.As with all of our other Ravensburger games, the construction on this one is impressive.  The game board is made of thick, sturdy cardboard and is double-sided to allow for more varied gameplay.  There are also two sets of rules, one basic and one that includes some additional twists to make the gameplay more challenging.  The coins and tiles are made of the same high-quality, sturdy cardboard as the game board, and the markers are all made of wood.  We own a lot of board games, and I consistently find that the Ravensburger games have the highest quality construction.  These are games that are created not only with an eye toward fun and engaging gameplay, but also overall quality, and it shows.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.04814789816737175,0.047773122787475586,0.046469829976558685,0.04836980625987053,0.050361067056655884,0.05134182795882225,0.047660648822784424,0.04717591032385826,0.047674115747213364,0.04766804724931717,0.04974931851029396,0.047207172960042953,0.04887840524315834,0.04638759046792984,0.046770475804805756,0.046233415603637695,0.04738752543926239,0.04618142545223236,0.04472612589597702,0.047081343829631805,0.04675498604774475
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
"Seeland combines attractive components with straightforward gameplay and a few optional rules that give it a very wide appeal. The basic game has a major element of luck while still offering interesting decisions to players, making it an excellent introduction to Eurogames. The ""Tactical"" game reduces the luck factor significantly without increasing complexity at all. Tack on the two simple optional rules (which add a touch of risk-taking into the mix) and there's a decent amount of thinking involved.For experienced gamers, I'll say this: Seeland is a cross between Carcassonne and Samurai (the Knizia game), with a rondel mechanism for tile selection. For those to whom that last sentence seemed to be in a foreign language, the game involves placing windmills on the board and surrounding them with crops, scoring points when a windmill is completely surrounded. A randomly drawn selection of tiles is available, but there are some decisions to make regarding which tile to snag -- it's not always obvious. The variant rules let you essentially take gambles for extra points when scoring windmills.One of the nice things about the game is that while you can simply play to maximize your own score, there are also a number of opportunities to mess with the other players. Subtleties show up with repeated play -- you might not think of it at first, but those '0' value mill tiles make great blockers when opponents are working on high-scoring mills of their own. And when selecting a tile from the rondel, it's a good idea to consider the position you leave the rondel in for the next player. I've been playing with my family (thumbs up from the Mrs. and my 7-year-old, who is a pretty serious board gamer for his age), and I plan to bring it to game night with my hardcore gamer friends as well. We can always use another 1-hour game that offers interesting decision-making without a huge amount of effort.There are a few spots in the rules that aren't 100% clear at first glance, especially regarding setup. However, I've played a few times now and have not encountered any questions that weren't answered by a closer look at the rules. Novice players might find it a little tricky, but I don't anticipate that experienced gamers will have any trouble with this.I do have one pet peeve: The spaces on the board are hexagons (commonly referred to as ""hexes"" in most games), but the rules refer to them as ""squares."" Really, Ravensburger?Bottom line: Seeland isn't going to set the world on fire, but it is an excellent crossover game. It's perfect for those of us who enjoy lightweight games with our kids as well as more serious hobby games."
"The basic premise for this game is that players take turns placing windmills and surrounding them with crops. Players score points for windmills only once they are completely encircled with crops. There are several other games with this surround and score concept (likeSamuraiorAlhambra The Gardens) and fans of that style will likely enjoy this game as well.There are some crops already on the board that players try to grab and these can be turned down or left visible for a slightly more strategic game. It also has a governor variation that has the mills aiming for specific point values. We've found this game to be a solid addition to our collection and the pieces are sturdy with wooden pawns and thick cardboard for the board and coins.The only thing I'd question is the age on the box says 13+. My 9-year-old can play it with no trouble. The mechanism for choosing crops and windmills (the giant circle you see on the game board) may be a bit daunting for anyone who thinks Mad Gab is a real game, but if you've mastered fiddly games likePower GridorShadow of the Emperor Board Gamethis one will flow pretty smoothly, certainly less complex than Settlers. And it's very well thought out. Instead of using money, players circle the board as they ""spend"" to skip the less desirable items and can never be more than four spaces ahead of anyone else.You can generally finish a game within an hour, which is good for those of us who like to get in more than one game in an evening. I recommend this one. But you probably guessed that by the five stars."
I had a major back surgery in June and when I saw this new game, I thought it would be fun to use some of my free time to try to figure this game out by myself.  My family plays a number of European style board games and really enjoy them.  I figure the younger members of the family would be able to figure the game out.  But I simply gave up after trying to do it on my own.  Struggling through the instructions just about blew my 70 year old brain.  It seemed to have a lot of pieces and the rules were just so confusing.  It did not look like as much fun as some other games.  We have played Dominion, Ticket to Ride,(both US and Europe) and Carcassonne.  While I seldom can beat the younger generation I always have a wonderful time.
We love board games and love Ravensburger so it is indeed sad to give this game a disappointing review. We play as family often games such as Settlers and Ticket to Ride. We feel this one is Ravensburger's attempt to produce a Settlers-like game that unfortunately didn't work. The instructions are poorly translated from German and far too complex! We tried very earnestly twice to play with no success.
First the negatives:The directions are a bit vague and leave something to be desired. We read all the directions but found some of them confusing or vague. In one case there were three of us looking at the directions, looking at the board, reading it out loud before we finally understood what the directions were saying. But once you 'get it' the game is not difficult to play.There are lots of parts and pieces. Just be forwarned.This is NOT a game for young kids or children just learning to play more advanced games.Second the positives:This is a fun game that is a challenge. You have to think and plan how you are going to grow your crops or if you are going to build a windmill. It reminded us a little bit of carcassone in the way you play and strategize.Once you set it up it doesn't take very long to play the basic version of the game and reach a successful conclusion.Your fortune/points can change very quickly so that someone who seems very far behind can come ahead to win if they strategize well.Our family enjoyed this game. My oldest (age 12) and my middle child (age 11) enjoyed it quite a bit. My 9 year old did not enjoy it at all. This is something even my engineer husband enjoyed sitting down to play.Enjoy.
If you take a look at my reviews, you'll see I own approximately 11 billion Ravensburger games.  Okay, that's kind of an exaggeration, but the bottom line is that we, as a family, are Ravensburger enthusiasts.  For quality of construction and appeal of the games, they simply can't be beat.  Every time I get a new one, I wonder if it can be as good as some of the others I own, and I consistently find that, yes, they can be every bit as good, if not better.Like many of the Ravensburger games, this one may seem a bit overwhelming at first blush.  Though I didn't think the learning curve on it was too steep, it does take some thought to figure it out.  However, once you understand how it works, it's easy to remember the rules--and that's when the real fun begins.The basic objective of Seeland is to gain the most points by building and completing farms.  By placing your windmills in choice spots and carefully surrounding them with crops with high points values, you can quickly pull ahead of your opponents.  However, you can also employ a lot of other strategies in an attempt to lessen the number of points your opponents can gain: you can try to prevent them from being able to move to stalls to purchase choice windmill plans or bags of seeds, you can surround their farms with zero and low value tiles, and you can try to arrange it so their farms offer monoculture, which results in an overall value of zero for that farm.These strategic aspects are exactly why I love Ravensburger games.  Though we do enjoy some simple board games, we continuously go back to the games that demand more devious thinking in order to secure victory.  Though these games are simple enough to play once you get the hang of them, they require a lot of planning, analyzing, and critical thought in order to win, particularly if you're playing against subtle strategists.  Not only do my husband and I enjoy this game, my eight-year-old daughter loves it as well and she is extremely good at it.  So good at it, in fact, that she has beaten me by about one hundred points on more than one occasion.  I really like that she is so engaged with this game, that she's doing so much analysis of the board and plotting ahead that she consistently surprises me.  This makes the game very challenging, but also very rewarding.As with all of our other Ravensburger games, the construction on this one is impressive.  The game board is made of thick, sturdy cardboard and is double-sided to allow for more varied gameplay.  There are also two sets of rules, one basic and one that includes some additional twists to make the gameplay more challenging.  The coins and tiles are made of the same high-quality, sturdy cardboard as the game board, and the markers are all made of wood.  We own a lot of board games, and I consistently find that the Ravensburger games have the highest quality construction.  These are games that are created not only with an eye toward fun and engaging gameplay, but also overall quality, and it shows.
"First and foremost, we found the instructions very difficult to understand.  We ended up looking on youtube and found a video that helped overcome the instructions.  In the end, the game is not difficult to setup or play, we just were not used to some of the European game mechanisms found in this game.The video link on youtube by Beth Heile gives a great tutorial and overview of how to play Seeland along with some similar game recommendations.[...]Once we understood the game we very much enjoyed it.  We played with 4 players (9 year old boy, 25 year old female, 36 year old female, and 38 year old male).  We all enjoyed it and had a great time.  Our 9 year old enjoyed playing it but got tired of it after about 30 minutes (avg games take 45 minutes).  He was able to play and be competitive.We have not played the more advanced side of the board, but we are excited that once we ""master"" the easier concepts there is more we can do.  Overall, I would recommend this game to people/families that enjoy playing games that are different than the norm."
This game will be enjoyed by anyone who likes strategy games such asThe Settlers of Catan,Puerto Rico,Power Grid, orMayfair Games Tigris and Euphrates - Double Scenario Edition.As is typical with this type of game, it is easiest to learn how to play if you have someone who can read the instructions and set up the board and pieces and then talk the rest of the players through the first game play. It is fairly easy to learn once the rules and object of the game are explained.This is a fun family game but probably more enjoyed by age 12 and up. It does require thinking ahead and is not just based on luck to win. A game takes at least an hour or longer.
During a vacation with another couple, we brought about a dozen board games along.  Seeland was the last game we tried, as it just looked really complicated.  Reading the rules didn't help much, but we decided to jump in anyway.  Within a few turns, Seeland actually turned out to house a fairly simple ruleset, and was easy to understand and play.  We all caught on quickly, even going into it being very weary.Seeland is kind of a like a boardgame version of 'Minesweeper'.  You build mills and uncover possible opportunities by flipping over tiles beside the mills you build.  This can lead to bigger crops (more points) or more moves, more mills, etc.  Some of the language is a little confusing.  Constant references to 'dikes' and 'rapeseed' were a little weird at first.  The pieces are very well made and should last for years to come, as seems to be consistent with Ravensburger titles.Initial set up took a few minutes longer than the average board game, just due to the sheer number of parts and pieces.  We finished our very first game in about 45 minutes, but no one enjoyed it enough to want to play a second game right away.  There is a decent mechanic for player cooperation in the form of a marketplace.  It's hard to buy things if someone is too far behind, and its hard to play while staying too far behind!  The scoring is fairly easy, with a scoring chart running around the outer edge of the board.Seeland wouldn't be the first game I would recommend, but you could do a lot worse.  Seeland is not a bad addition to a larger game library.
Our family loves to play Settlers of Cataan, so I was thrilled to receive this game that appeared somewhat similar. Well, honestly it's not. Seeland is overall much easier to learn and faster to play, which is great for teaching younger kids.One thing, the directions are NOT very clear in how to actually begin the game. We read them over and over and had not the previous reviewer mentioned YouTube, we might never have played at all! The YouTube video was of immense help and explained it perfectly! I recommend that Ravensburger write down ALL the instructions given on the video and enclose it with game.Seeland is recommended for ages 9 and up. We played first with adult, 14,13, and 12 yr old. Now they are teaching 7 and 9 yr olds who seem to be handling it just fine.The game consists of a board, tiles and markers. You reclaim bogs to build farms, plant and harvest crops, trying to accumulate the most points to win the game.It is a beautiful game, with solid pieces and thick cardboard playing tiles. Even the box is thick and sturdy!I highly recommend this game!! Especially since the price is less than most video games. This would be a wonderful gift from grandparents!!
Seeland, by Ravensburger, is a strategy board game about Dutch windmills, tulips, cabbages and expansion.The materials of the game are done in classic Ravensburger quality. Right from the box there are 3 ways to play.The map is a 4 piece puzzle style board. One side covers two ways to play, a basic version and the advanced game. In these versions there is an element or randomness and exploration. The reverse of the board removed the randomization of the board and makes it much more tactical. Pick which style suits you.The player pieces are wooden and the other counters are nice and solid like the board.The rulebook is large, but only because it contains several languages. There is also set of setup sheets that are also in various languages. The rules in English are written well enough. There is a few instances where I would have been confused, but the picture examples cleared up any questions. There is also a section specifically for situations that might arise in the game which you can consult if something unclear happens.Game play is simple. The meat is in the strategy. I can probably play the basic version without even looking at the rules again. The turn is as simple as choosing one tile from a pool, and then deciding where on the board to place it. If placing it fills all the spaces around a windmill, a harvest is made and points are gained.The game is competitive but not overtly a conflict, but if you place a tile in the right spot, you can screw an opponent over. It's not in the rules, but I could easily see being able to play 2 v 2 by having two teams of two and placing tiles in ways to help both players.I've frequently been impressed with the quality of Ravensburger games. Seeland follows that trend. The game mechanics are different and interesting. The game play is enjoyable. The quality of the board and pieces is of good quality. The fact there are multiple ways to play, and that it is simple to introduce to people unfamiliar with board games makes this a must buy.
There were mixed reactions when we played our first round of Seeland, with those most experienced with Cataan, Agricola, etc., least enthused and even those who are accustomed to these kinds of games found the directions initially confusing. However, once we caught on, the game proceeded quickly and those into strategizing found ways to create problems for the other players, even if they didn't end up winning.Strengths:The game moves much more quickly than Cataan et al, and would be good for younger players who may lose interest with a longer play time.While there are strategies that can be employed, chance plays a relatively large part of the game, and this can be good for younger or less experienced players competing against the strategists in the group.The overall quality of the pieces is good so I believe this will hold up for a lot of play.Weaknesses:For the strategists, this had a little too much chance, and the most experienced gamers thought it would be boring after a few plays.There are three kinds of hexagon-shaped game pieces, and two of the three are almost identical on the face side. While this may seem a small problem, it is annoying to have to try to sort the pieces quickly when setting up and putting away the game.Overall, our group said a 3.5 stars would be a good rating; given the somewhat confusing rules, we landed on a 3 overall.
We've enjoyed several games by Ravensburger in our family, so I was excited to receive Seeland Family Game.  This is a game geared toward ages 9-15 as stated in the description.  The game was very difficult to set up- even for me as an adult.  I finally was able to figure out set up (although it seemed some pieces did not match their description).  After our difficulties with set up, I began studying the instructions so that I could read through them with the kids.  I must confess that I eventually gave up.  I may sit down alone sometime and study some more.  But, the game would have to end up being loads and loads of fun to play in order to make it worth all this trouble in set up and learning to play.I think the game isn't appropriate for the age level recommended.  Older kids who enjoyed a strategy type game might find it worthwhile to ponder over the instructions.  But, it was definitely not for us.
"This is an easy to learn game if you have any experience with Euro-style games and, for those who don't, it isn't a huge stretch.  There are a few new mechanics to learn (like tile placement) but it shouldn't take you long (a few turns) to get the hang of it.Another reviewer compared it to Carcassonne and that is fairly spot on for me.  Like Carcassonne, it can be an easy, laid back family style game or, with a set of experience gamers, it could be pretty ruthless with room for deeper strategy.I don't think this would be first on my list of ""new games"" to buy for someone.  Since there are two new game mechanics for an inexperience gamer, I'd probably go with something more like Carcassonne or Catan but it is a decent option if you are looking for something new for a game a level above one of those two."
Here you go: one of these strategy games with the dynamic sort of board and little hex shaped pieces that YOU can actually play! And it will still be fun for your nerdy cousin who is always trying to get you to play these things. Now, let me warn you, the instructions will SEEM complicated. First, you should know that the book contains instructions in many different languages; the part you actually will use is only 4 pages, unless of course, you want to read them in several languages. Second . . . they aren't quite as clear or precise as they could be. I almost wonder if you knew Dutch or German if the instructions in those languages might be more clear. But persevere!I like to scan instructions and then play through the game referring to them constantly. Do what works for you, read through them 5 times, have someone else read them, whatever. Just remember: They make the game seem more complicated than it is. Just play it, and you will see it is very straightforward and once you play through one game, you will likely never refer to them again. It REALLY is that simple. But dynamic and fun!Also, try to find a couple people who have been to the Netherlands recently to play with; it will help when you need to decide turn order. *wink, wink*Also, gameplay time is reasonable- maybe an hour for that first game, less for future games.Once you get the hang of the basic game, there are an additional 4 pages of instruction for a more complicated game and another section with more historical information, making the game more educational . . .  if that is what you are going for.We were excited to find this one, because it can be easily taught to dinner guests- most of the games we like are not the type you can have described to you briefly and then sit down and take a reasonable stab at playing. This one is- in fact, I think our last guest won by a significant amount on his first game.Buy this, enjoy it, you're welcome.Okay, a little more about educational value: This is a niche educational product, you can learn a lot about the 17th Century Netherlands. Not so much about . . . other things. Except maybe botany . . . yeah, you could probably justify this as Earth Science in addition to World History. I think Math would be pushing it a bit. . .
Having read the other reviews, I pretty much agree: this game is one that families will enjoy.  It isn't the best game on the market, and though my family likes Settlers of Catan more, we do have fun playing Seeland.  Rather than reproduce what the other reviewers said, here are some pros/cons.PROS:1) The game is easy enough for our 7 year old to play, yet involved enough that we adults enjoy it as well.2) The board and game pieces are solid and durable (nothing cheap about it!).3) Each game only takes around 45 minutes, which is perfect for family settings.CONS:1) The instructions are difficult to understand (as one reviewer said, watch the YouTube video a game company made that gives an overview of this game).2) In our box, we didn't receive any extra pieces (which will be annoying when we lose some).3) We don't think that we will be able to play it hundreds of times and still enjoy it - probably we will be sick of it after playing it dozens of times.In summary, it is an enjoyable game that might be a stepping stone of sorts to more detailed games of the kind.  I recommend it for families who want to delve into these kinds of games but have not yet done so.
"This is a great game, very ""settlers of cattan-ish"" and my kids loved it. It is for 2 - 4 players and the box says ages 9 and up.  The game consists of tiles and a board game, plus little windmills and a few other pieces. You want to build a little farm around your windmill, and you get points based on the tiles and the way you play it. For example, you want to have a variety of crops so you get more points. There are four ways to play this game, the 2 more advanced options are mostly strategy and skill over luck, but with the easier levels it is a great starting point or when you play with younger friends. My kids are 12 and 9 and they both enjoyed playing this game and have been asking everyone else to play along with them!The game itself is pretty to look at and the cardboard tiles are thick and not flimsy. The box is also sturdy and the directions are clear and easy to read. Most games last about 45 minutes, which is a great time frame because the younger ones don't get too restless. You can go online and even watch youtube videos that explain how the game is played."
UPDATE 11-27-12I've had a chance to play this game several more times and I want to slightly amend my original review below.  I've seen a few negative reviews of this from experienced players and I think I know what the primary problem is.  For experienced gamers Seeland is definitely not for more than 3 players.  Two is actually the ideal.  The more players there are the more random the result is from the rondel.  If you're a serious gamer then definitely consider this only if you play 2p.  If not, then I'd agree to give this one a pass.  For those who play mostly family style games this is still a great game.  The directions make this look far more complicated than it is.  It's actually pretty simple.END OF UPDATEI play hundreds of new games a year, most of them what gamers call Euros.  Many of those games, quite honestly, fall a bit flat.  Many are more than fine, of course, but few really excite me.  I own more than 300 games and many of those I keep just because I know others enjoy them.Seeland is one of those great exceptions to all of the above.  It's a great game.  The theme is a bit thin - draining the land of The Netherlands to create farms - but it's there nonetheless.I do want to emphasize who this game is for.  Have you played Settlers of Catan?  Did you like it?  If so, this game is better.  Not just a little bit.  A LOT.  It doesn't have the negotiation aspect, but it does offer more strategy and less luck, especially with the more advanced rules.Ditto what some have said: The rules are not that great and there's far too much room for confusion given how simple this game really is.  Just take it slow, follow the set up instructions, and then follow the rules.  A turn basically only has two steps with a possible third.  One, buy a tile.  Two, place the tile.  Three, score if applicable.  There are many rules beyond these steps, but that is essentially the game.If you're already a more serious gamer then I have one name for you:  Wolfgang Kramer.  We're talking the designer of El Grande, Tikal, Torres, Slide 5, and many others.  You can tell this is a Kramer game.  If you like Kramer I'm going to bet you'll love Seeland.Truly, a great game.  I'm keeping this one in my collection, especially since it's such a great game for two players - although it's also very good with more.
"I haven't tried the ""advanced"" version of this game, but I can tell you that I will have to if this game is going to be usable for my young teens.  We play a lot of Euro-games, and the basic version of this one is way too simplistic to hold their interest.  However, my first grader understood right off the bat how to play it, and played a competitive game.  I think children under 9 can definitely handle this game, if they have solid addition skills (so they can figure out how to optimize points by placing their mills and crops well).  For me, it was this constant addition practice that makes this a big winner to play with this child.I had absolutely no problem understanding the rules of the basic game.  They are only 3 pages long (4 if you count the setup page) and have clear diagrams illustrating moves.  Perhaps if you are new to Euro games it's complicated, but otherwise this one is a cinch.Aesthetically it is very pleasing with sturdy cardboard and wooden parts.  It's not really a stand-out among Euro games in that way, but definitely holds its own.I think the historical aspect is pretty minimal, so I would not recommend it on that count. All my son learned were the names of three Dutch crops, the names of some old Dutch money, and the idea that mills can drain land.I will come back and edit this review when I've tried the advanced game with my teens, but I definitely would not recommend the basic game to older kids who are used to playing strategic Euro-games (like Agricola, etc).  Just too simple.  Great for their younger siblings, though!"
"The rules of Seeland Family game are easy to follow. The game includes a helpful sheet that explains the contents. The game-play includes first purchasing tiles from the market, including either landscape tile (planted field) or mill tile.  Next, players must place the tile on the game board.  When a mill is completely surrounded by tiles, a harvest occurs and a mill's yield is scored.  The goal is to build windmills, which can drain the fields, allowing for planting and harvesting of cabbage, rapeseed and tulips.  Points are accumulated based on each successful harvest, and the person with most points wins the game. The placement of tile is important and scoring is based on the type of tiles that surround a mill. Each game averages about 30-45 minutes for 2  players and 15 minutes more per additional player. The game uses an unique two-sided game board, with each side determining which version of the game you want to play. Using the side of the board with ""islands"" makes a game more 'luck based' than using the flip side with static elements."
I have to admit that I have a very soft spot for games and an even softer spot for foreign games. In the game, you play a Dutch merchant who uses windmills to create crops, like tulips, to then sell and get points to move forward. Winner, of course, gets the most points. The basic game is pretty quick, but the rules go on to make it more difficult, so the game grows with your skill level. I will admit though that it takes a good bit of time to figure out the rules and some rules had to just be decided upon.
