Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
I was suspicious of how a puzzle can be formed into a ball and remain in that shape. Well, it's surprisingly stable enough to carry around once it's finished. I gave this to a 5-year-old who's not exactly a puzzle fanatic but has been exposed to puzzles in the past, and it was completed. Figuring out the 3D aspect took several minutes, but after realizing how this is like other jigsaw puzzles except on a curved surface, it was done. Didn't even need the numbering map/key which seemed more confusing than useful.The pieces are sturdy because they're made of plastic. The completed puzzleball looks shiny and gorgeous. Convincing the child to take it apart to put away could get rough. The ball is not that big though, only about 4.5 inches in diameter. This is a nice activity for a mature preschooler or kindergartner.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.032442137598991394,0.031165745109319687,0.03633918613195419,0.03450467064976692,0.03310158848762512,0.033473704010248184,0.03349953517317772,0.031714633107185364,0.03129971772432327,0.03190791979432106,0.02959662675857544,0.0317530557513237,0.03235156089067459,0.03248290345072746,0.03185548260807991,0.03434836491942406,0.032280370593070984,0.031668975949287415,0.030124938115477562,0.03172739967703819,0.031943853944540024,0.03341710940003395,0.03128504008054733,0.031278397887945175,0.0318564772605896,0.033201467245817184,0.03426327928900719,0.030367238447070122,0.0319640152156353,0.03243967145681381,0.03034493885934353
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
"It took my 4 1/2 year old and me ~20 minutes (with distractions in the form of a dinosMOMus kisses attack) to put together this Puzzle Ball.  As a puzzle it is not clallenging at all because on the back all pieces are numbered and have a directional arrow showing where the next piece will be installed.  There are 20 pieces that have white backs and 20 pieces that have striped packs.  Basically, if your child can sort white pieces from striped pieces and knows numbers from 1 to 20, he or she will be able to pit this puzzle ball together ivery quickly.  I think the assembly is even easier than with LOGOs, since with the Puzzle Ball you know exactly what the next piece is and where it is going.  The puzzle pieces are made of a fairly thick plastic and fit snugly together.  Assembled the Puzzle Ball is pretty sturdy.Once two halfs of the puzzle ball is completed, they connect together to form a complete sphere.  A child can store something inside the ball, but, other than that, the toy's functionality is very limited.There is a ""bowl"" part that comes with the puzzle; it is designed to assist with the assembly.  I wish it was also designed to serve as a display stand for the ball post-assembly, but it is not.I am planning to ask my son to take the toy to his daycare so other kids can play with this puzzle ball."
"Since I had never seen a puzzle ball before, I decided to put it together before the kids came to visit.  Is easy to assemble and once the kids saw it they were very excited.  The instructions are pictures that show you how to assemble it so no reading is necessary. We found it is very durable when one of my ""big kids"" tossed it up and it actually hit the ceiling (oops!) and didn't break!  Our next purchase will beRavensburger XXL Children's Globe 180 Piece Puzzleball, which my grandson wants for his birthday."
I was suspicious of how a puzzle can be formed into a ball and remain in that shape. Well, it's surprisingly stable enough to carry around once it's finished. I gave this to a 5-year-old who's not exactly a puzzle fanatic but has been exposed to puzzles in the past, and it was completed. Figuring out the 3D aspect took several minutes, but after realizing how this is like other jigsaw puzzles except on a curved surface, it was done. Didn't even need the numbering map/key which seemed more confusing than useful.The pieces are sturdy because they're made of plastic. The completed puzzleball looks shiny and gorgeous. Convincing the child to take it apart to put away could get rough. The ball is not that big though, only about 4.5 inches in diameter. This is a nice activity for a mature preschooler or kindergartner.
"My 4 yo loves puzzles and I just knew this puzzle ball would be a hit. He likes it, but I'm surprised that it is for ""4-5 yr olds"". He can put 24-60 piece puzzles with ease. I thought this would be a good challenge, but it is a bit too challenging for his age/stage of development. I like that the pieces have numbers on the back so that you can simply but the pieces together in numeric order. However, the pieces do not fit together well. Some pieces look similar in color and shape.  The dark picture doesn't help. The ocean scene is a bit dark and drab and makes it even harder to assemble. I like the concept, but this is just ""ok"" in my opinion. Also, once the puzzle is assembled, you can use the semi-hemispheric assembly device as a stand, but it is very wobbly.  The puzzle ball is fairly sturdy and doesn't fall apart too easily. With all of that being said, my child likes it and even wanted to take it to school for show and tell. (despite several bouts of whining and complaining, because, ""I can't put it together"")"
This was a very unique and fun puzzle.  My 6 year old son had a little trouble getting started, but once he figured out what he needed to do, it was quite easy (you can put the puzzle together by the numbers on the back of the pieces, but we wanted to experience the challenge of a normal puzzle). The pieces fit together nicely and the finished product is very sturdy (my son actually tried to bounce it like a ball on the tile floor and it didn't fall apart).  There was one piece that was questionable whether or not it really fit into its place because the coloring/picture of the piece was a little pixilated or grainy.  Surprisingly, the picture on each of the half of sphere is not a continuous picture. Therefore, you can display either side on top and it would look right side up.  (There are two different views to have displayed and the animals on the top sphere would not be swimming upside down.) There is a guide that you work off of so that the puzzle does not cave into itself while you are putting it together.  I would definitely recommend this and I would purchase another one in the future.
"Ravensburger, the renowned jigsaw puzzle company, offers a twist to the standard flat cardboard jigsaw puzzles in the form of a sphere (ball) ... something that should provide a challenging experience to kids in the 4-6 year old range.The puzzle kit consists of 40 curved plastic pieces, two ""starter"" rings and a half-sphere base.  The point is to assemble each half of the sphere separately and combine them to complete the puzzle.  To start, simply slide one ring over the half-sphere base, snap in the pieces to form the bottom ring and keep  adding pieces until one half of the sphere is complete.  Simply slide the completed half-sphere from the base, slide on the other ring and repeat.  Once both halves of the sphere are completed, they can be ""locked"" together to complete the puzzle.The challenge is that the three-dimensional nature of the puzzle requires the child to look at the puzzle from different angles in order to find the correct pieces.  The puzzle pieces are plastic and snap securely into place.  Each of the pieces is numbered on the back to provide an alternative method of assembly.  Once completed, the sphere is slightly larger than a softball.I felt the UNDERWATER WORLD PUZZLE BALL was a nice change of pace for my daughters, as it provided more of a challenge than the ""normal"" flat puzzles.  While I felt 40 pieces was a perfect size for 4-6 year old, I wish the completed puzzle ball was a little larger (not more pieces, just larger pieces)."
I have to give it to Ravensburger for their quality construction.  I think this thing could withstand a nuclear holocaust.  It is beautifully constructed and would be nearly impossible to break in any way.The major problem with it is that the image doesn't have sufficient visual cues, especially for the intended 4-6 year old camp.  My almost 6 year old definitely couldn't put it together based on the image and she's not adept enough at numbers to match them numerically (the number system is a little confusing).  Mostly it sits in a box until my kids take it out, break it apart, and ask me to put it together again.  I think it would have a lot more reusability with an easier image, especially since putting a puzzle together in a ball is unfamiliar to most children.If you have a child who just absolutely is into puzzles (and is over the age of 6) then this could be fun for them to do repeatedly, but I would say for the average child who doesn't have a puzzle obsession this toy will not get a lot of play.
This turns out to be a good 3D puzzle for 4-year-olds, but for an unexpected reason: the graphics-only instructions are confusing, so it'll force your child to discover how to put this together on his or her own, which should be an enlightening experience.As with all 3D puzzles, once built the puzzle ball is not going to be durable, but the straightforward build process (once your child, or you, figure it out) actually gives it plenty of replay value.  My little ones have been having a lot of fun breaking it apart and re-assembling the pieces.  Once we figured out how the process worked, the instructions made a lot of sense.
I have a 5 year old daughter and a 6 year old son, and both of them had a fun time figuring out how to snap together this colorful and well made puzzle. It took a few minutes to figure out the system of building two hemispheres starting from fixed locations for two pieces per hemisphere, but once figured out it was a cool, yet simple jigsaw puzzle. The artwork has beautifully printed deep colors, and good drawings of sea creatures, if not exactly fine art. Pieces are durable and apparently water proof, quite a step up from the typical cardboard puzzle.And the next day, both children were taking it apart and putting it back together without any prompting by me. I might just buy one of the other puzzles in the series.Assembly time was about 15 minutes, and then the resulting ball was rugged enough to be lightly tossed between my daughter and me on the couch.  Might be great for a day care center for those 4 and up.
The starter ring with its shapes really help a child know where to start on this puzzle. Additionally, the numbered pieces made for a fun rather than a frustrating time building this 'globe'. Fun variation on flat puzzles.
Very smart and simple puzzle. It is as easy as any other 40 piece puzzle. Worst case, the kids can do the puzzle just by the numbers on the back of the puzzle. Suitable for kids above the age of 3, ball shape doesnt hinder much. Bright and shiny puzzle ball makes it fun and attractive. We have explored all most all the themes from Jungle to fantasy world and after some time one puzzle is not that different from the other. Ball puzzles are good a break from boredom. Younger kids can simply do the puzzle by following the numbers and using the included semi-ball guide. Older can kids can build the ball as they do in any other puzzle without the guide ball. It also gives a good perspective on curvature and elevation. Now we are keen to explore other shapes like cone, cube etc.
I have three girls ages 9, 6 and 4 and were really excited when this puzzle arrived.  They all worked together on putting this puzzle together which was fairly easy with them working together on one side and then the other.  The puzzle pieces are numbered and are made of a durable plastic.  The girls have put this together several times and after they are done they enjoy rolling the ball around and playing with it.  They look at it as a two for one toy, the puzzle is the challenge and then once it is completed they can playgames with the ball.  I think this would be a great gift for any child no matter what age they are.
I requested this puzzle thinking my almost 5 year old would love it!  I was correct about that, he loves it.  But - he definitely needed help putting it together.  His 13 yr old brother helped him put it together and even then it still took 15 minutes to put together.On the upside, once it's together it's not easy to get apart.  Granted, you can't throw it against the wall and expect it to stay together but it can be played with, rolled on soft surfaces and such, and it stays together through playing.  It makes a beautiful scene when it's put together, for sure!
My 2 year-old loves puzzles.  While Sesame Street puzzles are her favorite, she also adores aquatic scenes.  This novel Children's Puzzle Ball gives her an entirely new approach to a fun and educational activity.  While the box clearly shows that the intended age is 4-6, some advanced 3 year olds may be able to do this puzzle by themselves with practice.  In our case, I helped my 2 year old a lot at first and now she is starting to get the hang of it, but will need some help for a while.The puzzle pieces are made from strong and thick plastic, so there is no worry over durability.  The pieces fit snugly, but without too much difficulty for a 3 year old.  Each half of the puzzle has to be constructed separately in turn, and then you combine the finished halves to make a snugly-but-not-so-securely connected ball.  My main disappointment was with the low resolution of the printed picture.  The pieces are fairly small for a children's puzzle and the images can be hard to make out on individual pieces.
"Ravensburger Underwater World Puzzle Ball is a fantastic first puzzle ball for kids - heck, it's a fantastic puzzle for kids who are starting to learn how to do ""real puzzles"".  All of the instructions are illustrated, so younger kids can figure out how to do this puzzle by themselves fairly quickly (see photos above).  Our 4 year old son and 3 year old daughter were able to figure out how to start assembling with minimal assistance from us.  The puzzle is also very durable - each piece is made out of solid plastic, so there will be no ""missing bits"" or bends in the pieces to keep it from being assembled correctly.  It also comes with a small dome to help with assembly so the pieces don't shift or collapse inwards.  When completed, it's about 5"" in diameter...not particularly large, but perfect for displaying on a desk or bookshelf.The puzzle pieces are numbered.  Each half can be differentiated by the presence, or absence, of lines drawn on the inside of the pieces (see photos above).  This may seem to take away from the whole ""this is a puzzle, it shouldn't be this easy to figure"" concept, however for kids who are just learning how to do puzzles, and for those who are learning how to count, this is great.  For those who are looking for more of a challenge, the numbering can be ignored.  Once completed, the two domes fit snugly together to create the ball.  The kids LOVE putting the puzzle together, taking it apart, and showing it to EVERYONE.  As an added bonus, the dome that the puzzle was assembled on can be used to display the completed puzzle ball.This is a very cleverly designed puzzle ball for kids.  I am definitely going to be looking into more of Ravensburgers puzzle balls - this was a lot of fun to assemble!  Highly recommended!"
I looked at all that blue in the picture and resigned myself to torture. However, assembly proved to be a fun and easy activity for me and my four year old. My daughter helped separate pieces for the top and bottom of the globe. She also handed me puzzle pieces and even fit in some of them.The pieces are made of a thick plastic instead of cardboard. My daughter has been kind enough to test the durability for me by kicking it around like a soccer ball. Though the two halves have separated, none of the pieces have come loose. Snapping the sections back together is very easy.If I were to suggest an improvement for this toy, it would be that they include a stand to display the puzzle. Though construction is relatively simple, it would also be nice if they'd include a few words with the instructions instead of just pictures.
I was skeptical about a spherical puzzle. Honestly, I'd never seen one out of the box before. I was also skeptical about the age range on the box. I really didn't think my 4 and 6 year old would be able to figure out a spherical puzzle. It just seemed too complicated.First, the puzzle pieces are plastic, not cardboard. Why are all kid puzzles not made like this? It makes it so much more durable! Plus, the pieces are numbered. One half of the sphere has no pattern on the back, the other half has a line pattern on the back.Second, the puzzle comes with a little plastic dome, so the kids can build each half of the sphere on the dome. It makes it so simple for them to make the puzzle by themselves.Third, the 4 and 6 year old were easily able to finish this puzzle. They loved it. They actually each built half the sphere, then they put it together. Teamwork! I love that the pieces are numbered. My 4 year old has been working on his numbers 1 - 20, so this was a great teaching aide for him.This puzzle is a keeper! It is built to last. It is simple enough that they can do it by themselves, yet not so simple they do it once and never touch it again. Fabulous product.
This is a fun puzzle for children of all ages.  The circular shapes help to create an experience for children to use their brains a bit differently. I love starting children on puzzles as soon as their little fingers can start handling small motor development and this puzzle takes the experience up a notch. In our changing educaional environment it is great to see innovation applied to traditional products. Add a new type of puzzle to a child's assortment of toys,
What a clever piece of innovative puzzle amusement!  I had reservations about what the Underwater World would entail but was very surprised by the sheer coolness of the product.  First, the pieces are sturdy!  Fairly thick and fits snugly in place with the adjoining pieces witout tatters or splits. That's just plain ol' great craftsmanship!  In this day and age of craptastic, volume selling assembly lines, it's fantastic to know that a company like Ravenburger just... well, gives a durn.  They care and it shows in the alignment of the puzzle pieces, the fact that the pieces wrap flawlessly around a ball(!) and the weight and feel of the construction.  It doesn't feel cheap.The pieces aren't that small but the age recommendation is spot on.  Over 4 to 5 years old due to choking hazard.Highly recommended!
This is the second Puzzle ball my son (who is 3 years old) and I have done together and he enjoyed this one as much as the first one (transportation)As with all Ravensburger puzzles, this one is very well made. The plastic is sturdy and the pieces fit snugly together. You can assemble the puzzle by either looking at the images and putting them together, or if you're younger (like my son) the pieces have numbers on the back to tell you where they go. We used the numbers and it reinforced his counting skills, but once he knew where it would go, turning the pieces to the right orientation and making them lock into place also was something to master.The puzzle comes with an assembly aid so putting it together was not difficult.Once we were done with the puzzle it made a nice, hard, plastic ball. We looked at the pictures and I asked him to identify the different animals. He was tickled when he saw the ship at the bottom. He liked the activity and I'm sure we'll be doing it again sometime in the future.
according to my sister, my niece and nephew had a great time with the Underwater World 40-piece Children's puzzle ball.  it was easy to assemble, great to look at, and they're having more fun rolling it around then they did putting it together.highly recommended!
I gave this puzzle to my pre-school age twin granddaughters. They had lots of fun putting it together. It was nice that each could put together half of the puzzle by herself, since they don't share very well yet. The puzzle is great for their small motor skills/hand-eye coordination, as well as their counting skills. The plastic pieces are more durable than cardboard pieces, which is good for pre-schoolers. They asked lots of questions about the pictures on the puzzle, so it was a learning experience for them as well as a fun experience.
This puzzle puts a unique twist on things, by being shaped into a ball instead of flat.  My 4 year old and I were eager to dig into this when it arrived, and we had it assembled within about 15 minutes and were rolling it around playing with it.The puzzle pieces are colorful, thick-cut plastic that easily snap together.  There is a half-globe shape to frame each half of the puzzle as you build it, and then you fit the 2 halves together.  The under-side of each puzzle piece is coded with lines (or no lines) so you know which half of the ball it's for, numbers and arrows so you know which direction and order they go in.  My daughter had fun going through her numbers and getting them in the right order as we assembled.Afterwards we were rolling this around and she was playing with it on her own - it is a very solid ball that does not easily come apart unless you want it to.  The second time around she was able to assemble it herself with very little help from me.Great fun - would make a great gift for any puzzle enthusiast.
"This was well designed. You only do half the puzzle at a time, and have half of a globe to use as support. There are also two yellow bands that you use to attach the two halves together. On the back of each piece is numbered and has an arrow. So you caN start with ""1"" and then go to ""2"" and and the arrow shows where the next piece goes. There are twenty pieces per side. Also on the back beside the numbers and arrows, one half is just the numbers and arrows, while the other has strips, so you can sort out the two halves before even starting. My daughter really enjoys it, but I think she enjoyed it all put together more than the actual putting it together. It is easy to put together.Rather you use the numbers or try to match the pieces according the images, it is a learning experience for your child. They will either be working on the visual aspect, of matching the pieces, or working on their numbers as they figure out what comes next and follow the arrows."
Ravensburger scores again with this 3D puzzle ball (already very pleased withRavensburger Empire State Building 216 Piece 3D Building Set).  Easily constructed and with a visually stimulating pattern, my 3 yr old daughter and I thoroughly enjoyed putting it together.  Completed it all in about 15 minutes, and she enjoyed showing it off to people all day.  She also liked the fact that she can put things inside it relatively easily.Construction is hard plastic, and seems extremely durable.  Good activity with smaller children, and educational as well.
"This is the most interesting puzzle I've ever encountered.  Not only is this a puzzle, it doubles as a ball - though it doesn't bounce, it does roll.  It can also be used to store treasures or other items.  While children ages 4-6 are the targeted age for this product, my 2 year old loved helping to put the puzzle together and enjoys rolling the ""beach"" ball (the scene on the puzzle reminds him of the beach).  This isn't your typical puzzle and would likely be appreciated by children of all ages - younger than 4 and older than 6."
"Perfect for a child learning to count to 100! The numbers on the back of the sturdy plastic pieces make great practice with the exciting goal of building the sphere. My 4 yr old did it once and said, ""Now I am going to take it apart and do it again!"" And she can, because these pieces are made to last.The child builds one half on the hemisphere insert provided and then easily pulls that side off with the provided circular lip so that she can build the other half of the puzzle before sticking the two halves together.  My older elementary age kids enjoy doing it without the numbers.I prefer this underwater scene over some of the other designs (goofy cartoons come to mind), as this is more in line with my educational criteria.  I would like to see some more interesting Puzzle Ball designs such as an earth, moon or globe map scene.  (There is anEarth Puzzle Ballbut it's 540 pieces.)For teens or adults, considerSea Magic 3D Puzzle, 270-Pieceor even Puzzleball Underwater World 540 pc Incl Stand.A great educational toy for a young 'un!"
This is a great puzzle toy that we highly recommend. I got this for my 4-year-old son, and he put it together with my mom. They had a great time together learning and exploring, and have a cool finished product that my son kept wanting to play with.- Fun to do with an adult- Teaches sorting (there are striped pieces and plain pieces to sort)- Teaches sequencing (must know numbers 1 - 20 or have help)- Making round halves was fun, putting the sphere together was neat- My son loves the sea life pictures and really enjoyed sitting and studying the illustrations- Very high quality toy!Overall we highly recommend these puzzle balls, and would buy some again for more gifts!
My son and I had a great time working on this together.  1. the box is sturdy. 2. the directions on glued to the inside of the box 3. directions are easy to follow. 4. puzzle is well made. 5.  the pieces are plastic. 6. it's very well made.  7. there are numbers on the back of the pieces(which i consider cheating).
This puzzle ball was quite fun for me as well as my 2 kids, age 3 and 6.  Both needed a little help getting started, but after that, they started getting the hang of it and really enjoyed putting it together.  I was surprised to discover how strong the ball is when it is fully assembled.  The kids were rolling it around and no pieces came out.  The pieces are made out of a thick plastic, so I think it will last forever (unless pieces start going missing, as is wont to happen to any puzzle).  This was especially useful after the kids decided to put the puzzle together DURING lunch.  I picked up a very sticky, jam-covered ball from the table and was pleased when I realized you could just wash it all off in water with no ill effects.As mentioned, I had as much fun doing this puzzle as the kids.  Now I want to get a bigger, more elaborate one.  I totally recommend this!
I ordered this puzzle ball for my nearly 6 year old son to place in his room when it was completed.  Straight out of the package my two daughters aged 8 & 9 fought over placing the pieces around the dome.  The puzzle ball is a lot smaller then the image has you believing.  It is about 8 inches high and about 14 in diameter.  The puzzle pieces are hard formed plastic and there is no fear of being bent, nor are they very flexible; if anything they have a tiny bit of flexibility.  The pieces fit together a tad snugly which assures that your 'puzzle ball' will not come apart after you have placed it for display.  Within the box, you will find two yellow rings that will begin your puzzle at the equator.  There is only one plastic half dome piece to work on.  After you have completed one half you then move onto the other half.  Finally you are able to snap both halves together and form a WHOLE (fraction lesson at its finest!).  The ball is not bouncy, so please do not throw around or at anything.  You will break the ball and whatever you choose to chuck it at.Did they like it?  Well, the girls loved it and fought over the pieces.  I actually sat and helped and feel a bit dumb because it took us 15 minutes to complete both sides.  I really believed that for a 40 piece puzzle this would be a breeze for my 5 year old.  It wasn't.  My eldest (nearly 10) had to really study the pieces and that is when I would swoop in and help them along.  The child that this puzzle was intended for was distracted with the yellow bands with the star, moon etc. shapes on it.  He became exasperated at times because the blues would confuse him.  I do believe that we all struggled a bit because it was the first time that we have attempted to put together a puzzle ball.Highly recommend for beginners with help from an adult or older sibling.  I do believe the age recommendation should be raised to 6+.  Lastly, I would love it if Ravensburger would include a small plastic stand that could properly display the child's effort.  I deducted a star for that very reason.
