Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
Just in time for the new Amazing Spider-Man movie to hit theaters, there's a whole new line of Spider-Man toys on store shelves. My son is very much into superheroes, especially the superhero-themed role-playing accessories, so I was excited for him to try out the new Spidey Sense Spider-Man mask. Essentially an electronic upgrade of the basic Spidey mask, the Spidey Sense Spider-Man mask features light-up eyes and ten electronic phrases at the press of a button.The mask covers the front of the face and is held in place by a pair of adjustable plastic straps. It's easy to adjust it to fit a child's (or, ahem, an adult's) head, and it's cushioned in the nose and forehead area so it doesn't hurt to wear it. The mask is plastic, but it's not a hard plastic that will crack easily. It's got some give to it. The features are neat, though the phrases will annoy parents long before the kid gets tired of them.The Spidey-Sense Spider-Man mask was a big hit with my son, and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to parents of superhero-loving kids.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.05197382718324661,0.05223289132118225,0.051822468638420105,0.05160554498434067,0.056047867983579636,0.04970144107937813,0.05193187668919563,0.052557166665792465,0.05049525946378708,0.05261952802538872,0.05694972723722458,0.051688749343156815,0.05392717942595482,0.055219098925590515,0.0547429695725441,0.05172009766101837,0.05410928279161453,0.05035195127129555,0.050303030759096146
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
"I selected this mask for my 4 year old son who is obsessed with all things super hero and this did not disappoint! He was so happy and excited when this arrived! He put it on immediately and ran to the mirror to see the eyes light up. He kept saying, ""How cool is this?!"". He played with it until it was time for bed and he put it on again as soon as he woke up in the morning. This mask feels durable and well made, but maybe a tad bit heavy for smaller or petite children. It has two adjustable straps in the back that are similar to the snap straps on a trucker hat. The eyes light up when you push the button to hear Spiderman talk and there are 10 different phrases that he says. This is a great toy and I definitely recommend this for all the little super heroes!"
"My daughter is a big Spider Man fan. For over a year she has had, and regularly dresses up in, a typical fabric Spider Man costume and runs around the house fighting crime.  I thought that this ""Spidey Sense Mask"" might make her playtime even more fun.  And it did, with a few limitations.  My four and a half year old is pretty small for her age, and this mask was not only too big for her but also very heavy.  When she first put it on, she sort of wobbled around a bit until she got herself used to the weight of it.  The plus side to that is that it's clearly a very sturdy product.  And once she got used to it, as opposed to the thin fabric mask that came with her costume, she was fine.The biggest draw, for her at least, was the light-up eyes.  A great deal of her initial playtime took place in front of a mirror so that she could see the effect.  The various phrases were fun for her, at first, but she seemed to like to use her own voice to fight crime instead of pre-recorded narration. I also think she got slightly annoyed with having to active the button on the side of the mask anytime she wanted it to light up.  But all of this aside, she had a great deal of fun with this toy and returns to it from time to time.  Recommended."
Like most superhero costume accessories, especially movie tie ins, the enjoyment and longevity of these kind of toys is pretty short lived.I'll start by saying that I thought the mask was actually well made, pretty solid and durable, which also made it quite heavy - that may something to consider for younger kids.Another fact is the one size fits all 5-12 age range, really? that means it's probably a good fit for an 8 year old, even with adjustable straps (that come off by the way without much effort) it's somewhere between too big and wobbly, to snug and tight.The biggest problem overall is that it does very little - eyes light up, and Spiderman phrases are spoken, that's it.It was played with for about a day, now it lives in a box with the Thor and Iron Man helmets, waiting for another movie release.3 stars
My son was in awe of this when it came out of the box.  It's not hard to see why - it is pretty cool!  Before we even unwrapped it, he was pressing the button in the middle to hear the phrases.  Some toys like this have phrases I'd rather not hear repeated over and over in my house.  This one is surprisingly well done.  Some of the phrases are cheesy, but most revolve around catching villains, playing around and doing the right thing.  Volume is not too loud, which is also a huge plus to me.We had no trouble getting this out of the box.  The mask itself is made out of a pretty thick rubberized plastic material, and it seems very durable.  It has some straps to adjust the fit on the back.  My son is normally sweaty when he takes it off, but he does wear it for long periods of time while running, jumping and pretending to sling webs.  It's not that breathable, but for a plastic mask, I think it is well done.I would recommend this for any budding superhero!
"Awesome!  Cool!  These are the words that my soon to be 6 year old son exclaimed as he checked out and played with the Spider Man Spidey Sense Mask.  Needless to say he is loving it!!!  As soon as the box came this morning, he ripped into it and together we released Spidey from his box (not too difficult compared to the way some of the toys are packaged these days).The color of the mask is vibrant and very appealing.  Personally I love the material it is made from.  Is it plastic?  Yes.  However it is not the hard type of plastic that so many masks are made with.  This is sort of like a soft/rubberized type of plastic that is slightly flexible and more comfortable.  To me, I think this will make the toy much more resistant to breaking and cracking.  The web design is a rubber material and just feels cool.  I can see this holding up to some rough and tumble play.  Another aspect that I was surprised by was the way the mask attached to the head.  Instead of a rubber band type of attachment, there is a T-crossing set of straps - designed much like that of a ball cap adjuster.  This allows for the child to be able to fit it so that it is comfortable both around the head and the forehead area.  My son even commented how this was just like his baseball cap.  These straps are also a soft and flexible rubberized type of plastic.Now for the fun stuff - the talking and lighting up!  As stated, the mask says 10 different phrases (compliments of a square button on the upper right portion of the mask.  Surprisingly the phrases are spoken very clear and easy to understand, rather than garbled and distorted.  The volume is not overly loud, though could probably get on nerves is pushed repeatedly, lol.  When the button is pushed, there are two small lights on each of the Spidey eyes that make the yellow portion of the eyes light up.  This is pretty cool - though will not be noticeable in a lighted area.  My son took the mask in the bathroom where there are no windows and it is dark to try this part out.  His reaction?  ""COOL!!!!""  I have to admit it does look pretty cool.I also want to mention that the mask does get warm - yes, I even tried it on for myself, lol - though I love the fact that there are air slits across the entire bottom portion of the mask to allow for plenty of air and breathing circulation.Overall this mask is a HUGE hit at our house.  I highly recommend it for any Spidey fan and am very confident that it will hold up well.  The design is very well made and I applaud the company for that - rather than making some cheezy cheap mask that the kids go crazy for that will only break and/or crack within a few days of play.  The price of $20 is an excellent one, I think and you will definitely get your money's worth through your child's excitement and love of the toy!"
It's a mask. Plain and simple, but it's a well constructed mask. There are dozens of sayings that can be played with the simple click of a button. It also is sturdy and has a plastic strap like an old style baseball cap, so once it is on your head, it isn't going anywhere. My son absolutely loves it. He brings it wherever he goes and wants to wear it into stores and such. Haven't let him do that yet. I certainly recommend the mask. I wish it came with an equally sturdy and cool costume.
"My five year old son was so overwhelmed when he first saw this he wouldn't even try it on.  After his excitement level calmed down, we adjusted it for his head size.  That was pretty easy on only took a few minutes.  With a little practice he was able to get it on and off himself (the nose has to fit on just so).  He's had a great time being ""Spider Man.""There is a little button on the side that plays back a few canned Spider Man sentences.  That part is a little annoying, but my son seemed to get bored with that part pretty quickly.  The mask is really well made and I expect it will last a while.  I think this is going to be a great pretend-play toy for him over the long term.  He certainly seems to be enjoying it now."
This is a reasonably fun mask to wear.  It has some nice padding, especially around the nose.  It has the sounds and some voice overs too. The straps do a good job of holding true to the correct size from person to person.  With my six year old, he was quite particular about getting it just right.  Pretty cool.  Pretty fun.  I'd recommend this for sure to any Amazing Spider-man (movie) fan!
I ordered this because my son loves super heroes.  I thought he would be excited about it for a minute and then get over it.  How much can you really do with a mask?A lot apparently.  He hasn't taken it off.I thought the mask would be just a thin molded plastic.  But it is actually pretty substantial and has a rubbery texture.  That makes it feel much sturdier than I expected it to be.  The phrases are silly fun but the voice is nice and clear.  Sometimes, the voices on these kinds of things are very creepy.  The demo batteries wore out very fast (15 minutes) so make sure you have some extras on hand.  The mask is nice and thick so it can get kind of warm for summer play.  But overall it's been a lot of fun.
This mask's arrival was much anticipated in our home by all three of my boys. I made the mistake of allowing my ten year old to take it out of the box resulting in the temporary loss of one strap. When this was found (days later) I thought now that it can be put on and adjusted correctly the boys will wear it---was not the case. The boys -and their friends- put it on but just as quickly take it off, not interested in playing with it at all.
Just in time for the new Amazing Spider-Man movie to hit theaters, there's a whole new line of Spider-Man toys on store shelves. My son is very much into superheroes, especially the superhero-themed role-playing accessories, so I was excited for him to try out the new Spidey Sense Spider-Man mask. Essentially an electronic upgrade of the basic Spidey mask, the Spidey Sense Spider-Man mask features light-up eyes and ten electronic phrases at the press of a button.The mask covers the front of the face and is held in place by a pair of adjustable plastic straps. It's easy to adjust it to fit a child's (or, ahem, an adult's) head, and it's cushioned in the nose and forehead area so it doesn't hurt to wear it. The mask is plastic, but it's not a hard plastic that will crack easily. It's got some give to it. The features are neat, though the phrases will annoy parents long before the kid gets tired of them.The Spidey-Sense Spider-Man mask was a big hit with my son, and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to parents of superhero-loving kids.
This is a fairly simple idea..a Spider Man mask that lights up and talks...so my 5 year old grandson's eyes lit up when he got it.  But he didn't use it for long...the biggest problem, even after several adjustments..is that it just doesn't sit on his head right, so he has to hold it on his face to use it.  There is a nose piece in it, but even that didn't help.  It's hard to use your Spidey glove while holding your mask, so this was put down in a few minutes.  We may try and devise a better way to keep it on, but really, it should have been better designed.  Otherwise, it is sturdy and cute, so it's a shame this was such a problem.
The best thing about this mask is how versatile it is.  The straps adjust so that my large adult head fits in the mask and my 2 year old, with a rather petite build also fits in the mask.  The mask is a bit on the heavy side, so it may be too much after a while for the little ones.  The sounds are loud, and I was concerned that they would be too loud inside the mask, but they were not.  The phrases that Spiderman says could be better, but it has proved to be a fun toy for our superhero fans.Pros:-Great fit for all ages and sizes-Nice clear and loud lights and sounds-Looks greatCons:-Phrases could be better-a bit on the heavy side
This mask is well made, has the added audio/sounds. I've only had it a week, but it seems quite durable. It's adjustable, for noggins of all sizes. My son had a similar Star Wars mask, and this one is definitely better constructed. Should provide him with plenty of entertainment.
My son collects all the super hero mask toys that come out so he can dress up, but this is a different sort of toy. It is a mask that can be worn but it also lights up and says different phrases in Spider-Man's voice. My son is not fond of the fact that it talks, or even lights up, if you push the button while he is playing with it he gets upset. He would much rather make his own sayings. The band that allows this to actually be a functional mask is strange, unlike most masks that have some sort of elastic or velcro set up this is a flexible plastic with notches and holes, a set up like an older style baseball cap. The firmer band makes the weight of the mask easier to disperse but it also is harder adjust on the fly to fit different kids. Unless your kid is super into noisy toys that spit random catch phrases I would skip this and just get a regular mask.
"I have a five year old son who loves spiderman. He got a spidey mask for Christmas that was a good quality mask, but it did not have some of the features that this mask has - like the talking phrases and lighting up. His favorite phrase is, ""My spider-sense is tingling."" He will have his friends over and they love to play superhero and this mask fits well and is cushioned so it is very comfortable. That makes a big difference as well. Also, he has had some masks that seemed to place the eye holes too close together, but these are spaced well so he can see well too.It appears to be well made and is holing up do fat, overall this has been a big win for us in the never ending game of toy roulette."
I got this for my 4 year old nephew who loves to dress up like super heroes. He is able to wear this mask and it stays securely on his head. His 16 year old brother can also wear the mask.  What he enjoys most about this mask is that it has sound and lights where most of his masks do not.
Kids love this because it makes them feel/look like Spiderman of course. I would prefer a cloth cover on the back so the back of the head wasn't exposed for more realism, but kids don't seem to mind. With Halloween coming up, this mask is likely going to be a big hit. As this mask has big eyes that kids can easily see through, this mask seems to give a better (safer) field of view for night time trick-or-treaters. Further, the mask allows for air to get in the front without building up too much heat. The voice from the mask is clear and the volume is just right. Kids like to act out the phrases -- it's fun to watch them invent body gestures as the mask talks. The mask seems very durable and will likely withstand a few drops and tumbles. Adults may have to help adjust he mask initially, but many kids will be able to figure it out. Made in China, but that is to be expected.
"I received this item for free through Amazon Vine with the understanding I'd review it.  I got it for my four-year-old daughter.  As soon as she had it on, she described it as ""crazy cool!""  She then accidentally dropped in on the ceramic tile floor, and it (surprisingly) did not break.  The Spider-Man voice is very clear, the eyes light up well, the lenses are very clear, and the adjustable straps fitting over the back and top of the head are easy to adjust.  My daughter loves this thing, as I'm sure any kid would, especially a Spidey fan.~Scott William Foley, author of Andropia"
