Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
I had the best time putting together this 1,000 piece puzzle. The picture is busy, colorful, and whimsical. It took me several days to get it put together and that was working on it for a couple of hours every day. It was not an easy task, but that is what made it so much fun. I highly recommend this for any puzzle lover who enjoys a real challenge.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.11118602007627487,0.1078885942697525,0.11207166314125061,0.11169831454753876,0.11037161946296692,0.11210911720991135,0.11115407198667526,0.11184804886579514,0.11167257279157639
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
These puzzles are the absolute best!The colorful, easy interlocking pieces, the rhyme and sense of them, the durability and quality coating, the design...I cannot say enough.It is amusing as you develop each character's face in the puzzle...someone you know looks like that!  The businesses and marquees are familiar and truly representative of Times Square.Ravensburger is the superior name in puzzles.It is a joyful experience working this puzzle!
As with many people Times Square is one of our favorite New Years Eve traditions. From our cozy living room, we love the people watching, with their crazy hats and having a blast.  All of that and more is depicted in this really fun Times Square puzzle. It was challenging at times, but that just made it more fun. My son and I did this puzzle as a summer project and loved it.The quality of the puzzle and pieces was exceptional as well.
We love these kinds of puzzles because they're the kind that you can leave on a table and everyone can work on when as they have time. Those who normally don't do 1000-piece puzzles can work on a section at a time. There's so much variety and detail it's perfect for multiple skill levels.The artwork is fun and is an idealized, candy color vision of Times Square, capturing so much detail, it's fun to look at even after it is put together.
when I assemble jigsaw puzzles.  A few weeks ago, I reviewed theJames Rizzi: City 5000 Piece Puzzleand commented that more of James Rizzi puzzles were likely to become available since he passed away last year.  I thought that puzzles in smaller sizes would be offered.  Little did I know then that I'd be receivingJames Rizzi: Times Square 1000 Piece Puzzle, then answer to my prayers for a quicker fix of a puzzle rather than the great 5000 piece undertaking.  With the same outstanding Ravensburger quality made to last and the vibrant James Rizzi fun themed illustration, I had entertainment that satisfied!  Some puzzles become boring as I work them because the image is simple with very slight differences in color saturation.  This puzzle offers a variety of colors and shapes that upon first glance seem to be similar, but when in a puzzle format, demonstrate that they are different enough to take concentration to assemble.  It doesn't take forever to complete and is quite stimulating, so I highly recommend this puzzle to those who enjoy James Rizzi art, New York, Times Square, folk art, bright colors and more.
I was having a really rough weekend. My head was killing me, my body ached and all I could do was sit still and try to pass the time until I could figure out how to get better. Luckily, I opened up my James Rizzi: Times Square puzzle and began to 'meditate' my way through this rough time.This is a beautifully made puzzle with tons of visual clues for assembly. Edges are all white with some graphics, the whole puzzle has pretty distinct areas which make it easier to separate out sections and the graphics are specific enough to be able to easily pick out a piece location using the cover box photo.So there I sat looking at this happy graphic of fun people in Times Square, doing what I considered to be a moderately difficult puzzle, not too taxing, and getting through this difficult weekend. It was a great puzzle to complete and easy enough at that.It fit nicely on my coffee table for assembly and I was grateful to have it while I waited for my Lyme Disease diagnosis and the beginning of treatment. A lifesaver for getting through a rough time. Hopefully the next time I put it together, it will be a more peaceful and fun time.
I had the best time putting together this 1,000 piece puzzle. The picture is busy, colorful, and whimsical. It took me several days to get it put together and that was working on it for a couple of hours every day. It was not an easy task, but that is what made it so much fun. I highly recommend this for any puzzle lover who enjoys a real challenge.
My son and I spend a lot of time putting puzzles together, and we arealways up for a challenge. The quality of the puzzle was good: thecardboard is durable and the corners do not easily end up when holdinga piece too long between your fingers.  James Rizzi's paintingprovides various designs to work with, which makes it fun and easy toassemble. This is a puzzle like any other, and if you enjoy puttingone together, I strongly recommend this one. This puzzle would alsomake a great gift for any puzzle lover!
Very high quality puzzle: gorgeous bright colors, that make finding pieces easy,very smooth texture, and easy to lock in place securely, pieces do not flap and fall apart every time someone touches the puzzle. It is such a beautiful puzzle, that it is easy to receive aesthetic pleasure from just looking and handling it; I loved all the funny and whimsical details hidden all over the place. Completed puzzle looks gorgeous. Makes a great gift, looks and feels like it will last through many uses.
Ravensburger Puzzles are like no other puzzles, as we have owned several and the quality is simply outstanding. Hand made in Germany with the best sturdy cardboard, gorgeously colored and hand cut with such sharp cutters that there is no cardboard dust, they are in a category all their own. These puzzles are pricier, but worth every cent, as they are such works of art when completed, that you can actually glue and frame them and hang them on a wall. You can use a good puzzle glue, such as MasterPieces puzzle glue and a brush to seal them forever, frame and hang. The MasterPieces Puzzle glue comes in 5 ounce jars and one jar will cover a 2000 piece puzzle, if you want to permanently hang this work of art on your wall.This 1000 piece Times Square Puzzle by the late artist James Rizzi is absolutely as busy as New York. James Rizzi's art is always as busy as his home town of New York City and I love the many detailed people, signs and buildings. This is a fun puzzle to put together and with so many details and colors it is nicely challenging. The finished puzzle is a nice size- 27 by 20 inches. This high quality Ravensburger puzzle really makes James Rizzi's Times Square art come to life with such beautiful vivid colors and will bring you hours of fun putting it together. The only problem you will have is deciding whether to frame it and bring some color onto a bare wall in your home or save it to have fun putting it together another day.
