Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
"I love this puzzle as quality, educational toy for my son.  It's huge at 2x3 feet and the pieces are very well made - they fit together perfectly even on a slightly uneven carpet.  They're also thick and durable (they even survived a bit of gentle wiping with a damp cloth), yet large and fit together easily for little hands.  The artwork is a beautiful fantasy scene, detailed and whimsical.  I enjoy the baby dragons in the foreground.  We're a puzzle family and I'm delighted to have this ""intro-model"" to develop my son's interest.  It's definitely part of the permanent collection and will be built many times by small hands."

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.037527717649936676,0.03555667772889137,0.03865339234471321,0.036624256521463394,0.03671281784772873,0.03681989014148712,0.03625353425741196,0.04006839171051979,0.0370226614177227,0.03591202199459076,0.036955010145902634,0.036622755229473114,0.037663783878088,0.03675859421491623,0.03654185310006142,0.03797895833849907,0.035704538226127625,0.039749857038259506,0.036911554634571075,0.03601191192865372,0.03876129910349846,0.036380961537361145,0.03785506635904312,0.03727171942591667,0.03450256958603859,0.03662659972906113,0.03655160218477249
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
This 24 piece floor puzzle has very large pieces that are strong (still, cardboard not wood) and durable. If your child is old enough to put pieces together instead of fitting pieces into holes, you might want to give this puzzle a try, since it will work well with small hands.For younger kids, you might want to start by giving your child a piece at a time to add to the puzzle instead of having them find the pieces to assemble. As their skill grows, you can increase the complexity by giving them more pieces to choose from.The puzzle itself is large (intended for the floor), and the instructions do say it is washable, although I haven't tried washing my pieces yet.A nice early puzzle for kids.
"I prefer these to the large Melissa and Doug floor puzzles; although smaller and with larger pieces, they're definitely sturdier and the puzzles seem to ""click"" together more easily for my toddler.  The scene on this puzzle is more of a cartoon quality, which definitely didn't grab her attention like the ones with brighter, simpler-drawn animals.  She really likes puzzles, but I would say that this is an easy puzzle for ages 2+."
I looked at this puzzle a couple of times before selecting it for a review item. I wanted something fun to keep around for kids who visit and for my own little one when she is old enough for this. This puzzle has a great, detailed and fun image. My husband loved the little fat purple baby dragon on the bottom. All the little baby dragons are cute and the details in the artwork of this make it an attractive image for kids and adults alike.Typical of Ravensburger quality, the pieces are different enough to make the entire thing interlock nicely. What I was disappointed about was the thickness of the pieces. Some of my nephews have floor puzzles that have very thick (1/8 inch maybe) pieces that make them easy to put together on any surface. This puzzle has traditional puzzle thick pieces that made it a little annoying to put together on the carpeted floor. The carpet fibers kept getting caught between the pieces and so they didn't lock together. If you don't have carpeted floors then this might not be anything to worry about. The thickness also makes me wonder about durability. I don't know if this will survive as long with multiple children putting it together as one a puzzle with thicker pieces.Update: My five-year-old nephew was over and playing with this puzzle. He put it together twice in a matter of hours (we did something else inbetween the each time he put this together). He put it together on the carpet first and the second time he asked if there was somewhere without carpet he could put it together. He liked all the baby dragons and found this easy enough for him to put together by himself in 30 minutes (probably faster if he hadn't stopped every couple of pieces to show me how he was doing).
Is your preshool child interested in dragons?  If so, this is just the puzzle for you. This is another well made, colorful puzzle by Ravensburger, the best puzzle maker I've found. Our grandkids love putting puzzles together and putting puzzles together with them is a great way to spend some time.
This is a very cool puzzle for young kids. The art is very whimsical and fantastic. I especially love the wizard. Its also not very hard to piece together. So it is perfect for a 3 year old.
I love the idea of having these very large and colorful pieces that go together on the floor. The dragons are not very scary, but they are colorful. Ravensburger is consistently coming up with creative new puzzle ideas. I've liked all of them so far. This one is no exception.
This is a wonderful series of puzzles, and here is another engaging image in that series. You will find nearly anyone a few years old immediately drawn to performing this puzzle and might even let you help. Also in this series are jungle animals, etc. but this is a great place to start. Educational and fun!
"I love this puzzle as quality, educational toy for my son.  It's huge at 2x3 feet and the pieces are very well made - they fit together perfectly even on a slightly uneven carpet.  They're also thick and durable (they even survived a bit of gentle wiping with a damp cloth), yet large and fit together easily for little hands.  The artwork is a beautiful fantasy scene, detailed and whimsical.  I enjoy the baby dragons in the foreground.  We're a puzzle family and I'm delighted to have this ""intro-model"" to develop my son's interest.  It's definitely part of the permanent collection and will be built many times by small hands."
I work in a prek-3 classroom and our three year old students love this puzzle! The puzzle pieces are large and bright. The difficulty level is perfect for preschoolers, hard enough to challenge them but not overwhelmingly hard to solve. We like to move the rug and work on it on the hard floor, but it could be used on a large table or carpet as well. The illustration is bright and really captures their attention. Ravensburger Puzzles are the best!
Nice big pieces.  Colors are bright.  Design is attractive and very visual.  Product is rated for 3+.  A 3 year can do it, but with some help.  My 5 year old grandchild, well, this puzzle is a no brainer.  I would rate it as a 3 to 4 year old toy.  That being said, I enjoyed playing with it... in my 60+ years.  Maybe I've gone full circle.
I have not purchased a puzzle from Ravensburger before.  So when I received this puzzle I was surprised at how nice the quality was.  The printing is bright and beautiful.  The edges of the pieces are smooth.  The pieces feel thick and sturdy.I started putting this puzzle together with some little helpers that I wanted to occupy for a while.  We started on the game table and quickly had to move to the floor.  This thing is huge.  The kids loved putting it together.  It was a good combination of challenging and doable for the suggested ages.  I was pleased to see how much time the kids spent enjoying the picture after the puzzle was finished.  The  picture is quite details and whimsical.  We made up some fun stories about it.I was very pleased.
Ravensburger makes quality puzzles, and this extends to those made for kids. We loved this puzzle so much that we also got theJungle Juniors 24 Piece Floor Puzzle.+ The design is bright and colorful.+ The large pieces make it easy for young children to complete without getting frustrated.+ The pieces are precisely cut and fit together well, even on carpet.+ The surface of pieces can be wiped clean.+ The pieces are fairly thick and durable, but young children could destroy them if left to their own devices.+ The puzzle comes in a high quality, durable box that will last.- It might not be very interesting for older children.
"Overall, I have found that Ravensberger makes excellent quality puzzles.The pros:*The 24 pieces are sturdy.*The puzzle is easy enough for 3 1/2 and up to work on easily and for toddlers to work on with parents.* The finished product is bright and colorful.Nuetral Observation:* From afar (or without using the zoom feature online) the main dragon looked to be a classic illustration of a dragon. Upon receiving it and looking at the picture up-close you can see the pictured dragons have a cartoon aspect.  Again, this if fine for the age-group (particularly the 3-6 year olds who are probably watching today's cartoons anyway)or if you like this type of depiction but my advice is to look carefully at the picture if you are buying it online since far away the head looks different than up-close.Minor Con:* The picture is complex enough that the box cover wasn't enough guidance for the youngest kids to assemble the puzzle without a lot of help, but realistically, for this age group, you are going to be there supervising or helping anyway and telling them to ""Match-colors"" etc."
Im not sure where I got it in my head that this puzzle was thicker foam, like a floor mat when assembled, but it is not.  It is just standard puzzle cardboard material.  I think it would have been better as a foam puzzle, but it still is a nice large puzzle that young kids will enjoy.I think the larger size will not only be easier to handle, but will also be a novelty as most puzzles are so small.  Pieces will not be easy to lose.
"My 4-year old granddaughter and I have assembled, disassembled and reassembled this puzzle several times. Like other Ravensburger puzzles it is a quality product with sturdy puzzle pieces and a sturdy box to keep them in. I give it a high ranking for educational value because assembling it involves shape, color and pattern recognition skills. As for fun, my granddaughter really enjoys playing with this as well as a couple of other Ravensburger brand puzzles I have for her (and eventually her brother) to play with and she always displays an obvious sense of satisfaction, success and accomplishment when the puzzle is completed (even though I have to help her complete it; I try to make my help unobtrusive by asking questions about what kind of color and form might fit where; this way she gets to do the deciding). There is more fun in store when the puzzle is completed, for I can ask questions about the fairly elaborate picture of benign looking fire-breathing dragons (it appears to be a parent dragon and three children dragons) guarding a treasure while meeting with a wizard, with a castle in the background, such as, ""Can you find an owl in the picture?"" (there's an owl in a hole in a tree on the upper left), ""How many flags are there on the castle?"" and ""Can you find a king's crown in the picture?"" (there's a crown in the pile of treasure that spills from the mouth of a cave). The style of the imaginative artwork is somewhat reminiscent of Maurice Sendak's style as found in his well-known children's book Where the Wild Things Are; the art appears to have been rendered in pen & ink and watercolor in a fairly traditional style with lots of cross-hatching and attention to detail.We do this 24-piece 2' x 3' puzzle on the clean kitchen floor or on a carpet. Each large piece is easy to wipe clean should little - or big - fingers get food, etc., on them.Ravensburger is a German puzzle and game company founded in 1883 and known for making high quality games, jigsaw puzzles, children's books and crafts products. Ravensburg is a town in Southern Germany about 2 hours driving time from Munich and Zurich. According to Ravensurger, when you think of waltz you think of Vienna, when you think of fashion you think of Paris, and when you think of puzzles and games you think of Ravensburg. This is the third Ravensburger product I've seen and used, and all are quality products that I wouldn't hesitate to recommend."
"It is hard to find more ways to laud the Ravensburger puzzle than others have done.  These are puzzles done right.  Ever purchase a cheap puzzle in the discount aisle at the toy store or WalMart and been upset when the image on it was dull and the cheap cardboard pieces started to peel?  Well that doesn't happen with Ravensburger puzzles, and this super-sized floor puzzle is no exception.You can tell just by looking at the image online that the puzzle depicts a cute blue dragon along with some baby dragons, a wizard, and a castle.  But the colors on the actual pieces are just as vibrant as you see online - this puzzle really pops.  The pieces themselves are thick and durable - they will not peel when little hands try to put them together.  The top of the pieces appears to have some sort of protective coat on it, so while not waterproof, you could likely wipe them clean with a damp cloth should they get something on them.The puzzle itself is huge - 3 feet by 2 feet, and each piece itself is approximately 7"" x 7"".  The strategically placed dragon in the center allows little kids to use the blue body as a reference point - there are no fields of solid color to confuse them as is done in adult puzzles.  My 4 year old happily put the puzzle together quickly.Even better for parents, the box itself is sturdy enough to store the puzzle, and the pieces fit back inside easily without having to manipulate them to figure out how exactly they went in originally.  The box itself is your storage box, and keeps the pieces together for the next time your kid wants to play.I cannot give this higher recommendations - Ravensburger makes a great product and if you'd like a fun puzzle for your 3-5 year old, this one should be it."
This is a well made puzzle.  The pieces are large, sturdy and colorful.We have enjoyed working on the puzzle with our three year old daughter.  It has been a good educational activity to teach her about matching colors, shapes, and sizes.  She is able to look at the picture on the box and think about how the puzzle is supposed to look.  After a little coaching from us, she can now work on the puzzle by herself.  I love that she requests to do this is activity.  We often use it as a quite time activity.If you are looking for a quality puzzle, this would make a great gift or be a great addition to your collection.
This puzzle has a fun picture with interesting detail. The color and variety of textures are easy for little ones to distinguish, without being so overwhelming as to lose their interest.Having only twenty-four super-sized pieces, it is challenging enough to keep my three-year old grand niece busy for a while - she's put it together a few times now, so it's got replay value. I've had about as much fun with it as she has.The pieces are much thicker than those found in adult Ravensburger puzzles, but they're certainly not indestructible. I found one piece with a slightly frayed corner on its underside right out of the box, but it is so minimal compared to the size of the piece that it does not affect it in any way.This is a cool, child-friendly puzzle, with some dragons, a wizard, a cave full of treasure, a castle, a bunch of berries and an owl in one of the trees in the forest - it's like looking at a giant page from a storybook. The pieces have held up really well so far.
Ravensburger just can't put out a bad product! This is a wonderful puzzle I use with my therapy kids (4-5 years) and they really loved it. The pieces are big for little hands, sturdy and very , very bold in color. The surface is able to handle a gentle wash with a damp rag. Any kid would love this for their playroom. Would also be a great project to make into a wall hanging!
I got this puzzle for my nearly 3 1/2 daughter, and we had a blast putting it together. Having purchased Ravensburger puzzles before, the quality was exactly what I have come to expect. The color and design of this puzzle is beautiful. A computer screen really doesn't do justice to how vivid the colors are. Plus, the pieces are big and sturdy making it perfect for little hands. I was so impressed by this that even though I got this for free, I intend to purchase one as a gift for a friends' child.
I love a few things about this puzzle:- The pieces are LARGE and very young children can handle them and fit the puzzle together, so they get a sense of accomplishment. All while increasing their manual dexterity.- The colors are very bright.- The theme, with a dragon, enchants the little ones.I agree with other posters that the puzzle could be improved by making thicker pieces, but I suspect that the $10 price point would then increase. Overall, I am very happy with this puzzle.
This puzzle is huge! Large pieces make it easier for younger kids to figure out how the pieces fit together. And what kid doesn't love a dragon? (Mine all certainly do!) You need a pretty big floor space to build this puzzle, but your kids will be begging to complete this puzzle again and again. (My children, ages 6, 5, and 3, all loved this puzzle and were able to complete it.)
This is a terrific puzzle for youngsters.  I have a 3.5 year old and he is just getting into puzzles.  The pieces are large and seem to be fairly durable.  The cardboard is pretty tough.  I would definitely recommend this puzzle.  : )  My 3.5 year old loved the dinosaur theme too!
Overall I would have to say this was a great puzzle. Twenty-four very large pieces and a very beautiful image had my daughter loving putting this together. It was very easy though, so this is more for a smaller child that is just learning to put together puzzles. My five-year-old has gotten the hang of puzzles so she zoomed through this one. No fault of the product of course, since the start age is 3. I would see no problems for a three year old with putting this one together. Not getting bored, though, might be more of a problem.The Basics:* The pieces are nice and sturdy, yet not the sturdiest I have seen. They will not withstand rough-housing or chewing.* The puzzle is easy for small children.* The image is beautiful and cute and of a magical nature.* The pieces fit back within the box for easy storage (which is a problem with some puzzles - why I point it out)You will have to help your children through this one though, but of course, what do you expect. I would recommend it for the 3 - 4 age range. Unless of course you have that genius two year old ;)As far as a price point. I don't believe I would pay $10+ for the item, you could probably find it for a lesser price at a big box store.
A few months ago I got two Ravensburger puzzles: theThomas & Friends - Sodor Friends (24 PC Shaped Floor Puzzle)and theThomas & Friends Birthday Surprise 24 Piece Floor Puzzle. See those reviews for general comments on Ravensburger puzzles.I knocked off one star because a tab bent on one of the pieces, the first day we had it. It's hard to believe it's any less durable than the others, but it seems bigger and more awkward than those.  All it took was a grab and twist the wrong way, and my three year old bent one.
These puzzles are beautiful.  My kids and I love the artwork.  It's challenging enough for them to have to think through the pieces, but not overwhelming or frustrating for them.  They can handle larger puzzles, so this smaller one is sort of a puzzle snack.I was surprised to find that the quality of the box it came in is better than the pieces, themselves.  Several of the edges were already dinged or beginning to separate.  For this reason, some pieces pop apart as soon as they're snapped together.  I don't expect perfection in shipping, I just cringe when a kid's toy shows wear out of the box.  That means it's not going to last long in little hands.I also think the older end of the age range for this puzzle would get bored with it very quickly.All told, the artwork is captivating, the pieces are easy to hold and fit together.  I think the overall construction could be a bit more durable for the target age range.  It's priced well for what it is, I just doubt I would purchase other Ravensburger puzzles due to their durability.
The puzzle pieces are sturdy and the resulting picture is filled with vibrant color. However, once finished, it did not capture my 21 month old granddaughter's attention for very long. But she did enjoy taking it apart and putting the pieces back into the box, and also enjoys watching me or her dad put this together.
