Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
"Let's be honest - you have to be a certain type of personality to find ""Classic"" Battleship consistently entertaining.  It's a fairly slow moving game that requires a certain amount of patience and an inclination to use your noggin logically.  This updated electronic version doesn't eliminate your need for patience or logic, but it does give you a quick way to setup and an automated way to ""attack"" and track your successes.  This makes things move along a little quicker and, I must admit, gives you the tiniest thrill of pushing the launch button with each turn to hear the attack noises.  The advanced game versions also give you more options to speed things up, but I haven't played them enough to form a solid opinion.  The game isn't ""Battleship"" when you can wipe out a surrounding area on one turn.  It's still a strategic game, but it's not the same.The board or console or whatever you'd call it, is impressive.  It gives the game a cool look and feel.  My son (age 7) was immediately taken by this game and played me and kept playing on 1-Player mode.  I could see the wheels turning in his mind as he decided where to attack next.  I can't ask for more out of toy than making a kid logically dissect a grid to determine optimal probability for success.  OK, I may be over-intellectualizing this, but he was definitely THINKING, which is good.The voices and sound effects are fun touches and add some drama to the attacking process, but they are SLOW.  You might not notice at first, but after the hundredth turn, a 7 second launch sequence adds up!  I'd say, on its own, this game is a good addition to any household's stable.  In addition, as an update to the classic version, it has its merits and is worth an upgrade."

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.07450774312019348,0.07403463125228882,0.07966866344213486,0.06406737118959427,0.08010457456111908,0.07635021209716797,0.08347275108098984,0.08093325048685074,0.07479479163885117,0.07455362379550934,0.07929401844739914,0.08262569457292557,0.07559262216091156
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
Battleship is one of those classic games that you have these fond memories of playing as a child but try to embrace as an adult only to find out that memories are often coated with nostalgia and thus unreliable.  In other words; this isn't very much fun.  The classic version of the game is redundant and boring and over time a chore.  It's like trying to play Monopoly from start to finish with a group of more than three people.  Who does that?  With the film adaptation last year, Battleship was becoming rediscovered by man-children everywhere, and a new generation of kids was being introduced to the game for the first time.War!  Explosions!  Aliens?So, Hasbro decided to repackage, reimagine and remarket this game for the public.  I have to say, this may even be MORE slow, tiring, boring and redundant than the original.  Thanks to the sudden need to have everything electronic, this tripped out version of the classic board game runs on three AA batteries and talks you through your warfare.  The standard `macho man' voice is robotic and annoying and as the repetitious sayings keep coming my brain starts to hurt.  While having an electronic foundation has it's pluses (flashy sounds, inability to cheat) it has some major drawbacks that go beyond the ridiculous voice and redundancy.  Setup is a major chore.  If you want to assign your ships their own spaces then you have to go through this tiresome setup where you manually punch in their coordinates.  This takes almost as long as it takes to actually play the game.I do like that there is a single player mode, but really how often are you going to play this by yourself?  A better question is how often are you going to play this, period?  Not very often, I'm pretty certain.  The look is impressive and the bulky, military feel to the actual design of the gameboard itself is cool, and I love how it compartmentalizes so that you can store it on its own without the box, but outside of looking neat the game is a total dud.When you take a blast from the past that is, in a word, boring, and try and reimagine it, the goal is to make it `un-boring', right?
I got this game to share with my 7 year old son. I loved Battleship as a child and thought this would be a great option for him especially since it has a single player mode. Here are the things I found:Pros:1. My son seemed to catch on to the programming much quicker than myself. I believe this is because I am accustomed to the old battleship game.2. The single player mode was great for him. He always wants to play board games but with 2 other small children in the family this isn't always possible.3. The electronic aspects seem to really make the game a lot of fun for kids in this generation.4. The advanced play options with weapons, etc will keep it interesting and different over time.5. You can't cheat!Cons:1. I had a lot of trouble with figuring out the programming, etc. However, I don't play a lot of electronic games. It wasn't horrid to decipher but it wasn't easy either.2. The small pieces are chocking hazards and need to be kept at a table and put up after play.3. The voice is extremely annoying. My son loved it but I couldn't stand it.Overall, I think this is a great toy and it has already provided a lot of play time for my son in both single and 2 player mode. It seems to be very durable so far.
I love Battleship and thought this would be wonderful addition.  It definitely was not.  It is cumbersome to play and I lost interest very quickly because of it.  I think the classic version and the electronic version are much, much better.  Also, this drains the batteries very quickly which is another deflation to a gamer's enthusiasm.  I think this game should have been marketed under another name.  Using the Battleship name but changing so much of the game is misleading.  If it had another name it could attract the market for which it is intended instead of aggravating true Battleship fans.
"This game does have a lot of new features that are not found in the original, non-electronic game: One player option, Classic game play, Multi-attack game play, Salvo game play, basic weapons vs. advanced weapons, and custom fleet deployment vs. preprogrammed fleet deployment.  All great features but, time consuming to set up.  Also, new, out of the box you will need to apply stickers and attach the different pieces.  This initial set-up doesn't take very long.My son and I love to play the original, non-electronic version.  All you do is position your ships and you are ready to begin your game.  However, playing the electronic classic, custom fleet deployment option (same as the original game, but electronic); the computer takes turns prompting each player to enter the coordinates of each ship; it is a little time consuming as each player has 5 ships.  The length of the actual game is like watching paint dry.  It is a little frustrating waiting for the game to finish talking before you are allowed to input any actions.  For example, first you enter your opponent's coordinates to fire upon, then it wants you to verify your targeted coordinates, and finally you get to push the fire button.  So, it takes a ridiculous amount of time for just one move; it would be much faster to just say your move to your opponent.  Therefore, the entire game is very long and drawn out.  My son was chanting ""boring"" through the second half of the game.Overall, I think the game is neat and has a lot of game-play options, but not great for a game of basic battleship. Twice my son has attempted to play a ""quick"" solo game, but each time it has taken him 10 minutes just to set up his game.  I definitely think there will be an interest in playing with this electronic version, but we will need to have plenty of time available to play a full game."
"This ""Deluxe Battleship movie Edition"" adds several new playing variations to the classic Battleship game, mostly based on the the 2012 movie (Battleship). We love the classic game and have kept it in our RV to play when camping and I even had the original electronic version that was released sometime back in the late 1980's, but that was cumbersome to play and we gave it away. This electronic version is much better than the old one and the new modes do add to the fun, especially for the kids. Here are my observations:Pros -+ Easy Initial Setup; requires snapping the playing fields together and applying decals+ Play Options; includes the classic single shot version, multi-attack, and salvo (my favorite), and also has new attack and advanced weapon options that really take advantage of the electronic component+ Single Player Mode; allows you to play against the computer at one of three skill levels+ Easy to Configure; select from 100 preset ship setups or take a bit more time and enter your own+ Self Contained Storage; folds up nicely for storage and transportingCons -- Time Out; the game times out and shuts off if left unattended for too long, even in the middle of a game- Game Voice; this uses digitized voice for the humans and aliens, I love it but my wife found it annoying over timeThis is a very fun game and the ability to play a solo version makes it worthwhile based on that feature alone.Recommended!CFH"
"One feature alone makes this a great product for my son: he can play by himself against the computer, and he really enjoys doing it.  The game is recommended for 8+ years old; however, my son is five years old and has no problem playing after he was shown how. This battleship game also helps develop our relationship as we play.  I imagine that two children 8+ years and older could play against each other and entertain themselves for hours. We enjoy it so much that we pack it to take with us on trips.The game features 3 game complexities.  The first is classic battleship and the other two involve ""advanced weaponry"" and tactics.  They include the use of airplanes and wider hit range.  The advanced weaponry and games are more complex and probably have a minimum age requirement of 8 years or older to understand.The technology is good.  Players enter the coordinates for their ships and then the coordinates for their shots.  The game announces hits and misses and when ships are sunk and the game is won.I think this is a great edition to a classic game. The one criticism I have is the lack of volume control--that would have been nice to have.The durability of the game seems adequate; although, it can easily be tipped and the little markers spilled out if one is not careful."
"Let's be honest - you have to be a certain type of personality to find ""Classic"" Battleship consistently entertaining.  It's a fairly slow moving game that requires a certain amount of patience and an inclination to use your noggin logically.  This updated electronic version doesn't eliminate your need for patience or logic, but it does give you a quick way to setup and an automated way to ""attack"" and track your successes.  This makes things move along a little quicker and, I must admit, gives you the tiniest thrill of pushing the launch button with each turn to hear the attack noises.  The advanced game versions also give you more options to speed things up, but I haven't played them enough to form a solid opinion.  The game isn't ""Battleship"" when you can wipe out a surrounding area on one turn.  It's still a strategic game, but it's not the same.The board or console or whatever you'd call it, is impressive.  It gives the game a cool look and feel.  My son (age 7) was immediately taken by this game and played me and kept playing on 1-Player mode.  I could see the wheels turning in his mind as he decided where to attack next.  I can't ask for more out of toy than making a kid logically dissect a grid to determine optimal probability for success.  OK, I may be over-intellectualizing this, but he was definitely THINKING, which is good.The voices and sound effects are fun touches and add some drama to the attacking process, but they are SLOW.  You might not notice at first, but after the hundredth turn, a 7 second launch sequence adds up!  I'd say, on its own, this game is a good addition to any household's stable.  In addition, as an update to the classic version, it has its merits and is worth an upgrade."
As a child, I was somewhat of a board game addict. To exemplify just how uncool I was, my brother and I used to hold a game Olympics in which we'd crown a champion of every individual game we owned. Battleship, of course, has been a staple in households since it debuted as a Milton Bradley board game in 1967. It has certainly withstood the test of time, but like every creation has faced several updates or new incarnations through the years. Of course, synergistic marketing being what it is--you couldn't expect a Battleship film not to be accompanied by a Battleship movie tie-in game. Personally, I'd prefer if studios had more imagination than to co-opt something as silly as a game (with no plot) to be their next potential blockbuster. But my cynicism about opportunism aside, this is a review of the Deluxe Battleship game.Game Design: In terms of appearance and design, this is actually a pretty nice set-up. It does require a bit of assembly and there are stickers to affix, but once you've gotten established--it's a slick and dynamic looking game. The primary playing surface is a sturdy plastic unit that unfolds and stands in a pyramid-like formation. As in the original, the bottom screen allows you to view your battleships while the top allows you to track where you've attacked your opponent. In between is a programming console with the buttons utilized in game play.Game Play: As this is a movie tie-in, it necessarily follows the themes of the movie. Hence, one side plays the Navy and one side plays alien forces. This concept adds nothing to the actual game. Instead of placing your own ships, there are options to choose a pre-existing configuration from the manual and program it into the unit. As you make attacks, you enter the coordinates into the panel and the game lets you know if you are successful or not. The interface is very intuitive and it's not difficult to get going even without studying the instructions.Electronic Components: I, personally, do NOT think that every game needs to be updated electronically. That said, I thought this had its plusses and its minuses. First, I missed not being able to place my own ships exactly where I wanted. To do so requires a lengthier process of programming, so I guess I'll just have to be more patient in the set-up. But to attack via the keyboard is a noticeable improvement. The game voice gets mildly irritating especially when you hit a long spell of misses, but I still thought it was a worthy addition (and it prevents cheating)!Variations: There is a single player mode as well which adds value. There are also three difficulty settings and some choices of game type (classic, multi-attack which keeps you in control as long as you are hitting, and salvo where turns correspond to how many in your fleet are still afloat) and weapon type (basic or some advanced weapons options). Truthfully, though, the classic game of Battleship plays much like any other. The various game types can help speed up the progression and are a nice option. The weapons add another dimension as well, but are a bit tricky at first.Bottom Line: This is a cool version of Battleship, to be sure. Given the choice between this and classic Battleship, I think the advantages of the upgrade are worth it. Classic Battleship, though, can still become overlong and tedious if luck is not on your side. That doesn't change regardless of any technological enhancements in a traditional game, but the new options give you some updated alternatives. KGHarris, 5/12.
I have never really played board games until recently. I discovered Scrabble and have been playing it like no one's business. When I got the opportunity to play Deluxe Battleship, I jumped. I'm always looking for games I can play by myself or with others. I really liked the game. It's a pretty high tech edition of the old board game. It's fun and pretty easy to catch on to. I think kids and adults alike will love this new edition of the game.
I have always loved Battleship and this electronic one is great. I love the fact I don't have to play with anyone because everyone gets bored too easy when we play (in other words after 5 games they want to stop and I'm just beginning :))It has the sounds of a real battle and is so cool :) I wish they had a better place to put the little pieces but it's what it is :( Being that as it is the only thing I have found wrong with this game :)
This is certainly not the Battleship that I grew up playing.  In fact, this version (based upon the recent movie) is much more fun.  The strategy and skills required to play are the same, as is the concept of attacking your enemy's ships, but the enemy is different - an alien force.  Players get to choose between being the attacker or the savior of their planet while playing.  This electronic version feature movie-esque sound effects that help readers get into the game as they choose their level of difficulty in laying out their game plan.  Deluxe Battleship Movie Edition is a fun time for all.
"I am a child of the 1970s, where board games were popular family entertainment.  The classic ""Battleship"" game was popular with the kids for a couple of reasons.  First, we had the classic ""You sank my battleship!"" commercials on Saturday morning cartoons, and we all thought it was absolutely hysterical to invoke that phrase in mock-horror (how our parents put up with us I'll never know).  The other big thing with ""Battleship"" was that you could play it anytime, anywhere - even in the car on long road trips as long as you took care not to dump the game pieces everywhere.When you're 7 and riding in the back seat across Montana, any distraction is welcome.The ""Deluxe Movie Battleship"" is a decidedly high-tech updating of the classic game.  In several respects, the new game suffers from the enhanced technology - it takes much longer to set up, attacking your opponent is more cumbersome than the old ""'B-3' - 'Miss.' - 'C-1' - 'Hit'"" exchanges, etc. - but the game has some very positive aspects.  My favorite is that you can play a solo game, something that was absolutely impossible with the classic game.  You also cannot deny that the game now has a look and feel that makes you feel a lot more like you're in command of something - in the classic game all you had was your grid with your own ships and a grid where you tracked your hits and misses.  While the classic game had a certain low-tech charm, I've noticed that kids like the more ornate look of this game.My version of the game required some minor assembly - mainly stickers - that wasn't too challenging when compared to other kids' games.  I do feel like this one sucks the life out of batteries pretty quickly, though.All in all, a recommended game but, if you're of a certain age like me, you might just prefer to track down a version of the classic game (and try to explain to your incredulous kids why it was so much fun)."
I don't think I've really played Battleship since I was a little girl but it's a game that you don't forget how to play.  My 9-year-old son and I jumped right into the classic game option and really enjoyed it.  My husband and I took on the advanced game options and had a blast.Setup- This game was quick and easy to set up.  You will need 3 AA batteries that aren't included.  I thought the tray that holds the pegs and other pieces could've been designed a bit better but it's not a big issue.  When the game is raised up in the playing position it's very easy for the pieces to fall out.  Divided sections for the different colors would've been nice as well.  There were a few stickers to attach but not many and the step-by-step guide was very helpful throughout the entire set-up.1 or 2 player option-  I think it was really awesome that you have the option to play a 1-player game.  There aren't many games out there for just 1 person so I know my kids are going to enjoy this option when they can't get someone else to play with them.Game Types-  #1 Classic Game option.  #2 Multi-Attack Game which lets you keep taking turns until you have a miss.  #3 Salvo Game, this is a fun option which allows you to take as many turns as the number of ships that you have floating.  This option helps to make for a quick game.Weapon Choices- #1 Basic Weapons where you fire 1 shot at a time.  #2 Advanced Weapons where you have many play options.  Your ships can use special weapon to scan or attack multi-coordinates at a time.  This option is extremely fun but it takes a while to get a hang of.  Each ship has different firing patterns, for example one ship can fire through an entire row or column and hit anything in it's path.  Another ship can fire in a 3x3 box.  You also have 2 aircraft that can scan a small section of the grid to let you know if there are any enemy ships in the area.  Those are just to name a few.  This option is so fun but you definitely need the game guide to help you along the way.  It's hard to remember which ship does what and what the patterns are.  I think it would've been helpful if there was a little guide that you could attach onto the game that would help you out with this.Fleet Deployment Options- #1 Custom where you type in the location of your ships.  This is a bit time consuming but it's the only option that I like.  #2 Predetermined which you choose 1 of the 100 preset formations in the back of the book and set it up as pictured.I really like this electronic version of Battleship.  The voice that speaks and asks for orders it very clear but I sometimes get annoyed with waiting for it to finish talking before I can enter what I want to enter.  The buttons are easy to read and use.  We all really enjoyed playing this game and I would recommend it for anybody that enjoys battleship.  You have so many options to keep the game fun and interesting.
