Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
I am a fan of Ravensburger. I think their products are usually well constructed and the company offers many games and activities that encourage thinking and creativity. Mandala Designer is a rotary stencil. It comes with a single large stencil and a smaller one that fits inside the large one. Both stencils rotate, the large one in order to create the repeating design, the small one in order to orient your smaller design as you see fit.As with another Ravensburger product that I reviewed, this one is made for A4 width paper (8.26 vs 8.5 inches for US letter). That's fine. I don't expect the world to adjust all of their products just for the small handful of countries that don't use A4, but that means this product is that much more inconvenient when my kids come to me and ask for paper that fits it. Obviously, this isn't a problem if you own a nice paper cutter.My second point of dissatisfaction with the product is that the radial measurement marks (to line up the stencil with the paper holder) are not easy to see. It would have been preferable if, like the stencil openings, the markers had been cut out of the plastic.My kids are enjoying the product, but I expect them to lose interest after a while. There is, after all, only so much enjoyment to be derived from stenciling, rotating, stenciling, rotating, over and over again.Cheers

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.044354185461997986,0.046390268951654434,0.04504922777414322,0.04706941917538643,0.03517058864235878,0.04708229750394821,0.04726690426468849,0.04590301588177681,0.046305954456329346,0.04401836171746254,0.046484798192977905,0.034598737955093384,0.05495718866586685,0.04714483022689819,0.0534164197742939,0.03555384278297424,0.04313048720359802,0.05751748010516167,0.04395805671811104,0.04598786309361458,0.045108772814273834,0.04353127256035805
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
My 10 year old who loves the ocean (and mermaids) enjoyed making the stencil art.  He was able to maneuver the template easily, but it may be more difficult for a younger child without the fine motor skills.Inside the box:1 larger template that has a wave, shells, fish, starfish, mermaid, seahorse and the beloved dolphin.1 smaller template with shells, fish and bubbles1 black marker3 colored pencilsThis kept my son busy for about an hour on the first time he used it and then the second time with a friend they used it for about 45 minutes.  They used their own markers and colored pencils to color in their designs.I would give this as a gift to a child who enjoys art kits.  Specially if they already have the larger mandala designer packages.
My daughter will be six next month, and her greatest passion (besides gymnastics) is art. She loves to draw, and to color, and to trace with stencils. So, I thought this would be a great gift for her to incorporate all of those things together. Unfortunately, this has not proved to be the case. She gets it out every so often to play with it, but that only lasts for maybe 10 minutes at a time, and she tends to do the same thing over and over - the mermaid. She used up all the pre-cut squares of paper for other drawing and coloring projects, and seems to have absolutely no patience for trying to figure out the best way to turn the round insert to actually make a mandala.It's not a bad item, really. Even for older kids, I think the interest level would probably wane pretty quickly, as there is only the one template. Basically - it's OK. Not bad, not great. Just...OK.
This is enjoyable for artists. The kids can trace out the designs on the mandela. The only thing is that there is not that much to do with this one set so didn't hold their attention for too long. It was cute though.
"I got this for my 7 year old daughter who loves art.  She spends a lot of time drawing and coloring and she loves stencils.  This was something different for her as she can make it one big picture in patterns.  I was a little confused as to how it worked, but I didn't mess around with it, I just gave it to her.  A few minutes later I went in to see if she had figured it out and she had!  All on her own she had completed the drawing portion of the picture and was just starting in in coloring it.  I wasn't sure how many different pictures she could do, but she came up with quite a few different ones and I ended up sitting down with her so we could come up with some together.  She found it to be a lot of fun and was busy making pictures for everyone she knows for about four days and then she started getting bored.  But really, it doesn't matter what toy it is, it's only new for so long... I think if we take it out just once in awhile it'll be interesting every time.If I were to have complaints I would say that I wish it had more of the stencils as it just comes with the one and then the tiny one you can add in.  It seems like it would make more sense to have several of them.Also it comes with paper but that only lasts so long and the paper holder thing that also holds the stencil in place is perfectly square.  So when the paper runs out I'll have to cut more to make it the right size and I don't like that idea so much.Overall it was a fun thing to use and I look forward to pulling it out when she's looking at me saying ""moooom, I'm boooored"".Disclosure: I received this via amazon vine for review.  All opinions expressed are my own and I was not paid or influenced in any way."
"This Mandala Designer set features an ocean theme. There is one large (about 8"") plastic template with seashells, seaweed, fish, starfish, a mermaid, a dolphin, a seahorse, and wave and bubble shapes. It comes with a small (3"") insert with fish, shells, waves and bubble shapes on it.The circles sit in a plastic holder, which keeps the paper from sliding around while you are outlining the designs.The kit comes with a fine point black marker for tracing and three pre-sharpened colored pencils. There are sheets of white paper included, as well as a colored template for cutting more paper sheets for later use.This is a great gift idea for crafty, artsy girls who enjoy creating their own coloring pages instead of coloring out of books.I would recommend the fuller Deco Mandala Designer as an addition to this for a larger gift, as it has a rotating turntable to make tracing easier and more fun. The templates in this Ocean Dreams set work interchangeably with the larger Deco set, too."
My seven year old daughter loves this design kit.  She makes such pretty symmetrical pictures with it.  Mermaids, seashells can be clicked around and around, layer upon layer.  The only problem with it was that the pen broke quickly and I luckily found a quick replacement for my daughter.
My 12 year old daughter loves anything art related so I figured she'd be a great candidate to try out this product.  The setup was extremely easy and she was using the stencils within minutes.  The product works perfectly as described and her results looked exactly like the ones featured on the box as far as quality goes.  Everything fit together well, lines matched up, etc.  Her only complaint was that it only came with three colored pencils which, I agree, seems cheap.  Luckily, we have tons of colored pencils in the house that she was able to use.I also have a 5 year old son.  The ages on the product are 6-15.  Granted, my son isn't 6 yet, but I can't imagine he would have anywhere near the results my daughter did.  I could see him getting frustrated with the product, so, I'd recommend this for the older age group.This is the first time I've used Ravensburger stencil kits, but I have a ton of their puzzles and the quality I see in the puzzles definitely carried over into this product.  I will probably pick up an other one with different stencils for my daughter for Christmas.
This stencil-based activity set, with the unique frame-based rotating system that allows kids to make symmetrical designs, provides a fun way for expressing creativity.  I don't think most kids will pull this out all that frequently unless they are particularly artistically inclined, but as an occasional indoor activity it has proven to be well-received by my 7 year old.  The rotating system facilitates kids expanding their use and understanding of space and spatial planning and design, so aside from the artistic element there is some other benefit to be gained.  Overall a likeable set, great for artistic kids and pretty good for the rest.  My son gave it 3 stars - good not great - and I concur.
I was so excited to get this in the mail and show my son because I had something similar as a child that I played with nonstop. The stencils included work and the paper provided seems to stay in the tray pretty well. However, if the stencils are pushed to hard, or if they are turned, nine times out of ten, they fall out of the mold and go skittering across the table.My son had fun using the stencils and then removing them to see what he had drawn. But he could not use the pencils for stenciling, only the one pen. Once removed, the stencil is supposed to be colored with pencils included that are not very even or easy to color with. The paper is not any normal size of paper, so after the sheets provided, he had trouble sizing normal paper to fit. I helped, but they just weren't the same.After an hour or so playing with the item, he pushed it aside and has not played with it since. I tried to engage him again, but the stencils kept sliding out of the guide and it made him frustrated. This project pack states ages 6-15, I think it's more like 13-15 and for patient preteen girls. I think boys will get aggravated with it and move on to something else.
As other reviewers have pointed out, this toy requires special pens and special European A4 sized paper.  Not sure where to get replacement pens and we didn't want to spend the afternoon cutting paper... The 8 year old we gave this to spent a few minutes playing with it and then moved on... and she's a very creative artistic child who usually loves crafts etc so I was surprised this didn't pass the test.So, none of us were enthused -- can't really recommend it.
Just as much fun as the old Spirograph.  I have really enjoyed this stroll down memory lane along with my daughter.  In this digital age, it is nice to do something unplugged and just plain creative.  Doing crafty things with my children never disappoints-even when the crafts don't turn out exactly as planned.  THIS craft though is a can't miss, always beautiful.  I highly recommend it.
What a great toy! My daughter has been using her mandala everyday for the past couple of months. She is always finding new things to create and has so much fun doing so. She is able to place the paper into the mandala herself, add the stencils, and lock them into place with no help. she has made dozens, maybe 100 different creations. Yes many are similar, but she gets better and better each time. This set may have been a little above her age, but she had become a master after only a couple of weeks. We both love that you can buy many different stencils to go into the mandala including this one. It changes things up a bit and allows her to be even more creative. This set will work even if you do not haveRavensburger Deco Mandala-Designer Drawing Machine. This machine allows for precise spaces in between each design because it spins about an inch with each press either right or left. The mandala this set comes with you have the freedom to spin the stencils how little or far you want, but they will not be exact without the child double checking. If you have or know a little girl who loves to draw and create works of art, this is a wonderful addition to their art station. I will most definitely buy more sets for my daughter, as she loves her mandala so much.
My 5-year-old is really into patterns, so this has been a fun way for him to draw and to be able to create patterns.  It's easy to use and is works for kids as young as five.  I imagine older kids would probably enjoy making more intricate and detailed drawings.  It comes with square paper that fits within the square plastic designer.  My only small complaint is that once that paper has run out, you either have to cut squares of paper yourself, or buy more paper the same size.  Overall, a fun, quiet activity.
This is the second Mandela kit we have received.  They are very nice.  I really like the elements you can use on this one.  It grows with your child's abilities as you can make very plain 'beginner' ones or super intricate more advanced designs.  My son and daughter both liked it.  Creativity for all as both artistic and the artistically challenged child will have fun with it.
Ravensburger is known for the high quality of their products and this Mandala Designer is no exception. The idea is basically very similar to the good old Spirograph of yesteryear but you only get one disc/stencil to go inside the outer disc. I think this toy is probably best for a slightly older child (perhaps a pre teen / teen) since there is no way to click the stencil in place while you draw in the design. We were able to do this as a joint effort but, had the child been on his own, he would probably have become rapidly frustrated with it.What I liked best about it is that, unlike most modern toys, it allows the child to slow down and focus and really create something. My child loved the design idea of the toy and the process of creating something using it.This would be  perfect holiday/birthday gift for a creative child. We have also enjoyed using a couple of other Mandala designs from Ravensburger and found the Junior designer kits to be a little easier to handle for little hands.Ravensburger 2-in-1 Mandala-Designer - ClassicRavensburger Junior Mandala-Designer - Classic
"While not perfect, this mandala designer is certainly an easy and effective to create pretty art projects.  Everyone from 4 - 104 will be able to make this work and enjoy their work.What is this mandala maker, you ask?  It's essentially a spinning stencil.  You use the stencil to outline a dolphin or a seashell or a mermaid (etc...), then give the stencil a turn (the paper will stay in place in a holder) and repeat.  You can add other elements along the way (little swirls, curved lines) for a great deal of variety.  Finish with a little coloring and you'll have a fridge-worthy project in no time.  The inclusion of a smaller stencil-within-the-stencil can really help take your creativity up a notch.A couple of shortcomings:  The mandala designer was created in Germany where paper is presumably a different standard size.  (I don't know this for certain, but track with me for a second and you'll understand why this is a problem.)  The paper holder is supposed to hold square sheets and the kit comes with a few sheets that you'll burn through quickly.  Sadly, Ravensburger didn't redesign this product to more easily fit American standard 8.5""x11"" paper.  In order to get your own blank sheets to fit, you need to trim the paper to 8.25""x8.25"".  Not a big deal, but one cut (off the long end) would have been a great deal easier than having to shave off 0.25"" to perfectly square the sheet.  Perfectionists could really chafe at this.  If you simply try to fit the paper in, you'll end up with a big unsightly crease (or 6).Also, the kit only comes with 4 colored pencils.  Yes, 4 is better than none, but you'll really want to supplement the kit with more.  If you're not interested in strong nautical themes, you may want to check out a few different options in the Ravensburger mandala making line likeRavensburger 2-in-1 Mandala-Designer - ClassicorRavensburger 2-in-1 Mandala-Designer - Romantic.This kit is a great springboard for anyone who's been looking for an easy and enjoyable way to dive into mandala making, or just trying out a few new art themes.  Enjoy."
"I have several of these Ravensburger Mandala designer tools. My kids are still rather young, so the device doesn't get used a LOT. I can't say much about how durable it may or may not be. But The set doesn't include much in the way of paper and pens.What I do like is that the pieces are interchangeable with other sets. Since the circles are of similar sizes, they can be mix-matched to others by the same company for a better variety of artistic possibilities. And if your kids are artistic, they will want to do that almost immediately.I like the ""ocean"" theme of this one. We also had a ballet theme as well as a couple of others. It's been our experience that the manual ones are actually easier to use than the battery powered ones. They are also more compact so they take up a lot less room in storage.My one caution to any potential buyer is that the paper size they use is about 3/4 of a standard sheet size, so you will have to trim a lot of paper by hand on day one, pay a fortune to custom order specialty paper or just get a cheap paper cutter and trim several sheets at a time. It would be worth the investment."
I am a fan of Ravensburger. I think their products are usually well constructed and the company offers many games and activities that encourage thinking and creativity. Mandala Designer is a rotary stencil. It comes with a single large stencil and a smaller one that fits inside the large one. Both stencils rotate, the large one in order to create the repeating design, the small one in order to orient your smaller design as you see fit.As with another Ravensburger product that I reviewed, this one is made for A4 width paper (8.26 vs 8.5 inches for US letter). That's fine. I don't expect the world to adjust all of their products just for the small handful of countries that don't use A4, but that means this product is that much more inconvenient when my kids come to me and ask for paper that fits it. Obviously, this isn't a problem if you own a nice paper cutter.My second point of dissatisfaction with the product is that the radial measurement marks (to line up the stencil with the paper holder) are not easy to see. It would have been preferable if, like the stencil openings, the markers had been cut out of the plastic.My kids are enjoying the product, but I expect them to lose interest after a while. There is, after all, only so much enjoyment to be derived from stenciling, rotating, stenciling, rotating, over and over again.Cheers
My daughter absolutely loves it. I did not expect such a success, although almost all art supplies are welcomed by my children. There is more versatility to this toy that originally meets the eye. They used the wheel to create pictures all over the pages, not necessarily doing it in a circular pattern. All the components are made out of high quality durable plastic and beautiful to look at and comfortable to hold. Kids loved it. Second one for us in these series.
This art set can be used to create a mandala-style piece of artwork with an ocean theme (or not). The ocean-related images include a mermaid, dolphin, starfish, fish, jellyfish, and shells. It's not necessarily a big deal, but I wish there had been a different creature or object (such as a whale or coral) rather than a mermaid, which seems to make it more gender specific.To use the toy, the large circle stencil is placed with arrows lined up to a backing plastic piece, with paper sandwiched between, and then after one image is stenciled, the arrow is turned one, two, or four times to repeat using the same stencil. This can be done again and again, choosing different images on the stencil (there's also an internal stencil that can be used to create smaller mandalas, or can be used within the larger one). The smaller disks are interchangeable if you have more than one set. Aside from using the stencils exactly as is, parts of specific designs can be used creatively to make abstract art. There are many possibilities.In some instances, the stencil can also be used in a dragging motion around the circle to draw neat circles, in a similar concept to a Spirograph type toy, but not with varying lines. However, this is where the toy could be improved upon. It doesn't slide around quickly or cleanly when trying to use one of these designs, so it can be difficult to draw them well.You'll likely want to get out more colored pencils or markers if coloring in your mandala design. This only comes with three--blue, green, and red.It's amazing to see how different people using these can come up with such different designs. And with how many possibilities there are, it would be almost impossible to draw the exact same mandala twice.
This reminds me of the good old days of Spiro Graphs. Works sort of like a Spiro Graph, only this one makes ocean type designs such as waves and mermaids. Very cool designs, make something different every time. My daughter loves this set!
My 7 & 10 yr old daughters are obsessed, just as I was with the old Spirograph!  They cannot get enough of the different designs and colors, and how perfectly their new creations turn out.  Best of all, they reach for these after school instead of the iPods!  Lots of versatility in this 2-in1, I highly recommend it.  Great for artists and those without as much artistic ability- all the friends that have been over have gone home with a new masterpiece!
