Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
Ravensburger makes some high quality 3D puzzles. This globe is no different. It's a good opportunity for kids to learn about geography while they use their brains to put it together. The rotating stand is a nice touch so you can display your globe after you put it together. The only issue with it is the same issue that plagues any globe: it's only accurate until political unrest changes borders or country names. But that doesn't have anything to do with the enjoyment of this puzzle.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.04636889323592186,0.04353134334087372,0.04579220339655876,0.04536833241581917,0.04578876495361328,0.048933178186416626,0.044062402099370956,0.04519994556903839,0.047551099210977554,0.04557075351476669,0.047739703208208084,0.04433531314134598,0.044743865728378296,0.047495584934949875,0.04183444753289223,0.04534400627017021,0.046386368572711945,0.04521602764725685,0.04449963569641113,0.04277384281158447,0.045627132058143616,0.04583720117807388
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
I was so glad I had this globe puzzle ready to go...it made life with Hurricane Sandy more tolerable.  I put this together with my son, and it turned into a fun project.  The pieces are numbered, which certainly helps, but is still somewhat challenging considering there are 540 pieces.  We spent the better part of an evening putting it together, and we were both impressed with the sturdiness of the final product...not to mention the educational value.This is an excellent project for anyone who loves maps, geography, globes, and/or puzzles.  A+++
Ravensburger is known to create wonderful puzzle of all shapes and sizes.  The picture, the picture quality, the level of detail, the attractiveness of the picture is outstanding.  Ravenburger craftsmanship is well-known the pieces are cleanly cut; ensuring an exceptional fit.  The thick plastic prevents bending.  You'll enjoy this puzzle!  The large sections, we broken it into continents, of the puzzle make breaking the puzzle into multiple sections easy, great as a family project - the water was really challenging.  WE WORKED THIS IN THE TRADITIONAL WAY, without using the numbers...it took a lot longer - 3 weeks, off & on.As a puzzle lover I was very intrigued.  I immediately opened this puzzle and got to work.  While I'll admit the design/pattern was intricate and often frustrating (reading the names was difficult) ~~~ I absolutely loved it.  This would make an inimitable gift; especially for someone who loves globes.  There are several distinctive designs available.This is a great family project (HINT: Heed the CHOKING HAZARD -- Small parts. Not for children under 3 yrs.)
"I love puzzles - when I have time for them.This was my first 3d puzzle so I didn't really know what to expect.  My 5 year old is very curious and loves to look at a 1970s globe that we have in our study.  I thought it would be educational for her to figure out where all of the countries and continents go on a globe puzzle.The puzzle is plastic and each piece is a little bit curved.  There is a plastic ""dish"" that comes with the puzzle to use in assembly.  Of course I don't read directions, so my wife had to point out its use.  The puzzle can be assembled by using the outside pictures, or inside numbers... we've done it both ways and both were a neat challenge.  once you have about 6 pieces together, the concave surface of the black dish allows you to uniformly press to ensure all pieces are fitting right..  The last piece isn't too hard, but you have to take care not to press in a section deeper than it should be.The puzzle comes with a metal stand that allows it to spin like a standard table top globe and it is very sturdy in that use.The only negative that I found was that the picture printing on the plastic pieces did not see to be as accurate as we see on cardboard puzzles.  Meaning that the image could jog a little, jagging lines up.  It doesn't ruin the puzzle look, but its not a defect, more a result of the manufacturing precision using this media I presume..Enjoy.. we did."
As the matriarch of a vast homeschooling family, I am always looking for any new way to excite and interest children in learning. Ravensburger The Earth - 540 Piece puzzleball is a great find!We all love globes and can happily spending time reading them. So, the idea of a globe puzzle was too good to pass up!One rainy afternoon, two grandchildren and I gathered around the table to construct this puzzle. We have had other Ravensburger products so I expected nice quality, but this was over the top. The pieces were well cut, and solid feeling plastic. We were surprised to find that they were numbered to make construction easier. We decided to ignore the numbers and work on it ourselves, rebels that we are. It wasn't difficult, just a little time consuming. But, that IS rather the point of a puzzle, right?Finished, the globe is beautiful and very detailed. I highly recommend it!
"Just to get this out of the way:  the ages recommended ages of 12-99 is a little off.  Younger kids...around 7 years old...have a blast making this, and they learn a ton.  For example, we decided to separate the the pieces by major geographic area.  Given a dozen ""regions"" to find pieces for, the questions started coming...piece 441 has a couple of readable names (sounded out very carefully):  ""Where is Beijing?""  And an easy enough answer:  ""That's in China.  We should put it in the East Asia pile.""  Then piece 312:  ""where is Etnam?""  (The only letters visible for Vietnam on the single piece.)  Given that ""it's close to China,"" it went right into the East Asia pile...and on and on.Fun to put together, and the pieces are made of a sturdy feeling plastic.Based on that, I'd recommend it...HOWEVER, the reason for the 4-stars rather than 5, and it's rather disappointing, though only visible from close up, is that the text between the pieces don't always line up perfectly.  Take a look at the picture uploaded of 2 pieces put together - piece 311 and 312 (they're all numbered on the back, so you could put it together like that if you'd like.)  Anyway, piece 312 has half of ""n"" and the entire ""a"" of ""China"" for the South China Sea.  As you can see in the picture...it just doesn't like up properly.  Since I've had Ravensburger products in the past and have never had a problem (and, quite frankly, all their products I've had have been very high quality), I'm going to give them the benefit of the doubt that the printing on this batch (or lot) was slightly skewed, and it's not representative of every pack.So...great product, with the exception of misaligned text."
Ravensburger makes some high quality 3D puzzles. This globe is no different. It's a good opportunity for kids to learn about geography while they use their brains to put it together. The rotating stand is a nice touch so you can display your globe after you put it together. The only issue with it is the same issue that plagues any globe: it's only accurate until political unrest changes borders or country names. But that doesn't have anything to do with the enjoyment of this puzzle.
The Globe 540 Piece Puzzle Ball is a great gift for children and puzzle fans.  The pieces are well made and seem durable. You can chose to build the puzzle the old fashioned way (trial, error, and matching pieces) or you can use the numbering which makes it very easy.  My 8 year old son enjoyed the challenge and had hours of entertainment all the while learning about geography.  The completed globe is actually very usable and the included stand makes it easy to use as a regular globe.  Considering you would pay a similar price for a decent quality globe alone, the puzzle globe is actually a very good purchase.
This Globe Puzzle Ball took about an hour and a half total to complete with two people working together.  It was fun and the end result is pretty nice!  The puzzle ball is large and round and has the ability to spin like a globe should.  When you finish, you easily have not just a puzzle, but a geography resource!  You can put it together two ways:  by image or by number.  Each piece has numbers on the back so you can easily and quickly piece this together.  My advice?  Try doing it by site first and then, as a last resort, go to the numbers.  It will feel a little less like 'cheating' that way!Enjoy this puzzle!  I know we did!
"When I was young I would frequently assemble puzzles. After growing up I looked at them ""as a waste of time"" (silly me)!Of late, I have taken to them once again, first as a challenge and second as a guaranteed quiet time from all the noise and confusion so apparent in our lives today. This is, indeed, time well spent.As a member of the Vine Program here on Amazon, Ravensburger frequently allows offers of their puzzles. I always select them when offered because of their durable quality and great lockability of pieces. Truthfully, there is (to my knowledge) NO puzzle manufacturer with high standards to match this great German company.This Globe puzzle ranks high with me and I recommend it to you because:1. The fun factor of it. Adults and older folk like myself even today still enjoy looking upon the face of our world and taking in the continents and countries, just as we did ""of old"" in school, and also making note of how many lands have changed since ""those days""...  Assembly with your children or grandchildren of course adds even more fun, and obviously educational value to the time spent assembling this durable (curved solid plastic, heavily interlocking pieces) globe.2. The educational aspect...as I alluded to above, the chance to learn SO much here is priceless, especially when children are involved. The questions they ask as assembly takes place, the knowledge passed to them from your answers as they ""see"" with their full attention focused here is priceless. To be sure they learn in school, but when a family member is engaged that learning experience is multiplied and more personal and meaningful to them. Let's face it, any time today that can be spent with children is priceless on more than just one level in this fast out of control world as we now know it.3. Quality, as mentioned, is simply far above most other makers of ""toys"" (if you will) as puzzles seem to be categorized. If you are familiar with Ravensburger then you already know what I'm saying here. If not, do not hesitate to try one of their items. On any item's listing here on Amazon I am sure you will find many enthusiastic reviews from pleased consumers for their puzzles, whether it be regular flat ones, 3-dimensional ones, or interactive ones like this globe.As this is getting a bit long, I will conclude this review with a wholehearted wish to you that should you choose to purchase this great educational tool, that you assemble this puzzle with as much enjoyment as I have...100% TOTAL FUN!~operabruin"
I have to admit, I was a bit hesitant about how much fun a globe puzzle would be for the kids ages 9-10 but surprisingly, once they got over the initial shock of so many puzzle pieces (500+) they quickly came up with a process for sorting the puzzle pieces into groups by number - which are printed on the back. The two tiny pieces that pop into the finished globe in order for it to spin were lost fairly early on in the process by the kids, so you may want to put those aside if working with children.  However, the puzzle also comes with a curved stand for the finished sphere, so that is fine too.  The best part is how often the kids are refering to maps to try an figure out what goes where! Very happy with this product and it makes for nice family time in installments.
Most puzzle balls come with the last five pieces pre-assembled.  You have to sort of ease them/roll them into place--putting the last piece in by itself is close to impossible--and it can be quite a pain.  Not this one.This one has tiny holes on the top and bottom for stoppers that allow the puzzle to sit in the stand and turn (the thing spins smoothly, just like any good globe should).  For some reason that makes putting the last piece, as a singleton piece, in easily.  I just popped it in, with no more difficulty than putting in any other piece.  That makes this a top choice for anyone just starting out with puzzle balls.  You can assemble by image or by number.  The pieces interlock smoothly and easily and hold together substantially better than most puzzle balls.  It didn't fall apart a single time as I was working on it, even when adding a piece into a hole that has been built up around substantially.  As a puzzle, this is orders of magnitude better than any puzzle ball I have ever assembled.  It took just under two hours from start to finish, making it the fastest assembly for me, and I think I picked up a little geography as I went (my worst subject when I was in school).The detailing on the countries is excellent.  The print is clear.  This can serve an an excelling globe after the puzzle is done.  The stand is very nice too.Highly, highly, highly recommend, especially for kids.
I do a lot of 100 piece and under puzzles with my toddler, but otherwise this is the first puzzle I've done since I was a kid myself.  After all, puzzles are basically a boring waste of time without much mental challenge, suspense or engagement.  They are roughly on the same level as word searches and solitaire.  Still, I figured I would bang out this puzzle with my toddler enjoying helping me and we would end up with a nice educational toy.So I started this puzzle and was immediately disappointed by the size of the pieces.  They are pretty small, adding some difficulty to the puzzle and the smaller fonts found on the pieces will be difficult to read for many people.  I also had some difficulty with Antarctica, which has several pieces that are uniformly purple and similarly shaped.  After slogging through most of Antarctica, I quickly became wrapped up in the joy and excitement of hunting down piece after piece.  I found myself unable to stop; I was hooked.Overall, I think this puzzle is extremely fun and even challenging.  It took me about 4 hours to finish the puzzle by myself.  I was worried that the large areas of ocean would be the hardest part and I doubted whether I would actually endure finishing the puzzle at first.  However, the longitude and latitude lines, plus other defining features sprinkled throughout the ocean made it quite doable.  Getting the final pieces in was a practical challenge as well, but I was able to secure most of the pieces without a problem and ended up with just a few pieces not quite securely placed.  Once I put the globe on its included stand, it looked great and was easy to spin and use.  While I still wish the pieces were bigger (and the overall dimensions), I still easily recommend this to anyone over the recommended age of 12 (most 8 year olds could probably help).
I now own more than 10 different puzzle balls, and always wanted this globe because it's not just cool but also functional. I slowly worked on it for a week or so, cheating as I always do with these, by using the numbers on the back for assembly instead of going by the picture. :) It's more complicated than the others because of the picture anyway. The lettering is ever so slightly off, if it's divided by puzzle pieces, and the pieces seem to wind around more than other puzzle balls I have done. But these are definitely not complaints. The puzzle has been awesome fun to work, and I have totally enjoyed the challenge. I love that it has a nice metal display stand - like a real globe - so I can set it out for everyone to see, and use. It's a very unique way to see the world! :) I think puzzle balls would make nice gifts for the hard-to-gift people on your Christmas list because they are so unusual and fun and provide a great sense of accomplishment when done, and look great on display in your home. This globe would be perfect for a school aged child too because they can learn while they assemble it, and learn by studying it after it's done! :)
"This is, without question, one of the finest ""puzzles"" you can get. Now, purists might try to put together the puzzle globe by looking at the pictures on the pieces and spending the rest of their natural lives building it. Smarter folk will get little bowls and fill them with the numbered pieces (look on the back of each piece, put 1-99 in one bowl, 100-199 in another, etc., etc.) Using this method, it will take a few days to get it all together and actually have a lot of fun at the same time. The benefits, of course, are legion, but primarily: 1) you have fun with your child or children finding the pieces and fitting them together; 2) you learn a whole lot about our planet as you construct the round earth shape; 3) at the end you have a functional globe to use for years. I'd recommend using a puzzle fixative, sold separately by Ravensburger, to hold the pieces together. While the stand is somewhat secure, it isn't perfect, and a misplaced swing of the arm could mean rebuilding that puzzle all over again. Enjoy!"
Respect the age: this puzzle ball is stated by Amazon to be for 12 to 15 year olds (the package says 1 to 99), and I think only a twelve-year-old who can concentrate for a long period would do well with it.That said, the twelve-year-old who is doing this puzzle made quick work of one of the smaller Ravensburger 3D puzzles, and also has been spending a lot of time learning world geography with a traditional globe, so I thought it a safe risk. Its educational value is superior to that of most puzzles, and the frustration level is reduced because the pieces are numbered.There are, nevertheless, 540 pieces, and this is only a gift for a child who will take breaks for homework, food and sleep.
I am in love with Ravensburger 3D puzzles. These are nothing like the puzzles we grew up with and once you put them together, they really make a conversation piece/ decoration.This 540 piece Puzzle Ball was a lot of fun to put together. It's not that challenging because the pieces are numbered, but it's still addicting. Frankly, the hardest part is finding and putting all the numbers in order. My 7-year old was able to put the pieces together and he loved it! The pieces are very sturdy, easy to snap into place, and it comes with a plastic bowl that you can sit the globe in while you put it together. When it's complete, it also comes with an easy to put together stand that holds the globe, and allows you to spin it.My son has been learning geography and not only was this was a great project to do together, he now has a globe he can reference whenever he has a question about the world. I would highly recommend this puzzle.
My eight-year-old loves Legos and all types of puzzles.  I have got him globe puzzles in the past which he did enjoy but the problem was that he was so skilled in building Legos sets it didn't take him long at all to knock out the globe puzzle.  Not true for this one!  This is a humdinger of a puzzle and it's incredible detail makes this a useful geography lesson, too.  A great puzzle gift for those looking for a change from those clunky, boxy Legos.
We've reviewed another Ravensburger puzzle (the Empire State Building) and wasn't very impressed (pieces didn't stay together easily, finished product was warped, the age guidelines weren't realistic), so I didn't expect much from this puzzle. It turns out we've been pleasantly surprised. My 10-year-old daughter hasn't needed any help with this one. The pieces fit like they're supposed to, and it's really coming along nicely. Ravensburger includes a base to help it stay put while building, and it comes with a stand when you're finished (see picture). I've been so surprised at the quality of this product. It's much better than the other puzzle we tried.
I put this puzzle together with my 12-year-old mostly over a Saturday afternoon.  We started with the land masses using the pictures and words printed on the front and used the numbers on the backs of the pieces to put the oceans together.  For the sections where we could push on both sides of the pieces, the globe is pretty smooth.  For the last few pieces, the smoothness is not uniform.  The stand for the globe is quite nice, and the globe spins smoothly on the stand.  This is another very nice 3D puzzle from a fine company.
This is the most pieces we have ever put together in a puzzle ball and it seemed to take a very very very long time to complete. It helps increase your child's attention span by concentrating on every tiny piece and their correct placement. I'm a huge fan of globes and to actually build one and not just buy one is a huge perk! Very nice Globe.
"I got this a few days ago.  Before going to bed, I thought I'd get the puzzle started so the kids could have some fun the next day.  My intention was just to start it so there would be something to build off of.  An hour or so later, I realized I had already gone way past what I had intended to do, but couldn't get myself to stop--it was too fun to see it coming together.  Another couple hours later, I was almost done.  Uh, oh!  The kids would have nothing to do.  I tore myself away, but it was hard!  The next day, the kids finished it and then played with it in its fully assembled state as a globe and even as a ball that you can roll around.  During a brief period of lack-of-supervision on my part, it was a bit more abused than it was ever designed to be and a corner of one of the pieces broke off.  The puzzle still holds together just fine and the kids still play with it, but they are more gentle now (no more kicking it around or tossing it to each other... I know--""Kids!"", right?)  It's fun having the globe on the coffee table and I must admit it spins much more smoothly than I would have guessed.Note that, as with other puzzle balls I've seen, the back of the pieces have numbers that help you assemble it.  I welcome this because I don't want to take a week to put a puzzle together--I want to see results as I work and this really gives that satisfaction without taking all the fun away.  My only wish is that it had a solid hemisphere that you could use to get all the pieces lined up just right, but that really isn't necessary.Note also that the pieces are plastic and that they all join together very tightly--not so much that it is hard to get them together--just the right amount to make it obvious if you are putting it in the wrong place and also to hold firmly together when you are done.This is a great puzzle. I highly recommend it!"
This was really fun for me to put together since I love maps and globes. I started doing it by assembling it like any other puzzle but decided to put it together by the numbers after finishing Antarctica and was going crazy putting pieces of the oceans together.Even doing it by the numbers isn't boring at all. The pieces do not strictly go from piece to piece in exact horizontal row after row. The pieces snake around but start to go up, over, down, down, over, over, over, up. One piece may be the next number in succession but you have to play around with it to see with side of it is the one that works.I put it on the included rotating stand and have it sitting on my desk.
