Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
"This is the first of the Little People Zoo Talkers collection that my children have been exposed to, and so far the reception has been positive. Our two-year-old got first crack at it, and he spent quite a few minutes on it. He especially likes turning the Ferris wheel and making the animal sounds. The five-year-old had to check it out too, of course, and primarily enjoyed the wheel.One plus for us as parents is, though there is a musical item in the repertoire, it doesn't use the same singing voice that is used in many Fisher Price toys. (A high-pitched, woman-posing-as-a-child voice that kids might like, but that grates on adult nerves after a while.) So in this case, the kids can play the  audio portions as much as they want. And batteries are included!The construction is rugged and the design seemingly danger free, with no rough edges or severe points. The only nitpick I might make on the toy overall, is that the Ferris wheel car is easily separated from the engine, and the connection is too small for toddler hands to manage. For us this means lots of calls to ""fix it"" from our youngest.All in all, this is a really neat toy, and I suspect it would be even neater when joined with other items in the Zoo Talkers collection. I recommend it!"

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.046747542917728424,0.0548502579331398,0.053185660392045975,0.05049968138337135,0.051805660128593445,0.053688205778598785,0.05395335704088211,0.054750360548496246,0.05765740945935249,0.054292574524879456,0.0507541261613369,0.0550873801112175,0.04911766201257706,0.0504351444542408,0.05270952731370926,0.05278092250227928,0.05106879398226738,0.05085849389433861,0.05575725808739662
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
This toy has the same durability and fun design as all of the Fisher Price Little People BUT the both of the animals do not work with the Zoo Talkers Zoo.  The Koala makes animal noises, but the White Tiger does not.  We had this same issue with the Lion that came with the safari truck.  The Giraffe worked fine, but not the lion.  Very disappointing.  So, if you can get over the fact that one of the included animals doesn't actually work with the zoo like it is supposed to, then it is a great toy.  Disappointing since I have always had great faith in Fisher Price products and have never had an issue until now.  The lion with the safari jeep and now this...both products received within a month of each other.
I've bought several set of Fisher Price Little People over the years as gifts, and never been disappointed.  I thought this gift would be a home run since it was Little People, animals and a train, but in this instance it wasn't as big of a hit as I thought it would be.I didn't realize when I bought it that it is really meant to be a companion piece to the larger Zoo Talkers set.  The quality of the set is Fisher Price, so it's cute, kids love the animals, the sounds and the colors, it's fairly durable and can withstand a lot of use, but unfortunately not all of the pieces make the noises like I thought they would since they were all sold together as a set.  A big disappointment since the little one that I bought it for doesn't have the larger Zoo Talker set. I think this is basically a way for the toy manufacturer to sell more of both sets.  Since the Zoo Talkers set doesn't have these animals included in the train set, but not all of the animals in the train set will work and make the sounds unless you have the larger Zoo set.  I don't like that.  I think that every piece sold with the set should work with the set without having to purchase another set to get them to work.  This may be a way for them to try and sell more of everything, but instead it has made me a bit wary of buying more from them without checking online reviews first.If you are looking for just a train, this might be fine but a little overpriced for what it does.  If you have the larger Zoo Talkers set, I think you will probably really love it, but if you don't you may want to reconsider a different Little People set (like maybe the Farm).
This is a fun little toy.  The train conductor makes the train talk.  There are animal noises (which match up with the animals in the zoo).  My issues are that the zoo is really needed for this toy (because it has a stand that has each animal talk).  If you are to teach your child which animals make which noises you will have to buy it.  Also, only 2 animals come with this, so you have to buy more for the zoo.  Each animal is about $5 (which seems a bit expensive).
My daughter already had the Little People Zoo Talkers zoo set, and this set includes a koala/white tiger that both work with the original set.  Plus this little train makes sounds as well when you push down the driver.The ferris wheel 'caboose' also detaches, and can easily hold the tiger/koala, as well as a spot in the back of the train.  My daughter loves putting the animals in the back and taking them for rides on the ferris wheel, as well as hooking on/removing the car to the train.  And of course driving the train around the house.The plastic feels a little bit cheaper, not solid plastic, but more molded.  However that doesn't seem to affect durability.  It looks good, stays strong, and daughter enjoys it.
This one delighted my two-and-a-half year-old son for 30 minutes before he moved on to other things. I don't know if this is because he was bored by the train (even though he really loves Thomas the Tank Engine) or if his attention span is just too short at this time.The Zoo Train is sturdy and will stand up to rough play. The Ferris Wheel is attached to the train by what looks to be a flimsy connection although it's still intact after a few weeks. He likes the music and likes pressing on the little engineer figurine, but all of them are soon scattered to the four winds. I don't know where the tiger is right this minute. This is the downside to toddler's playing, I suppose.An adequate toy that's just OK. Three stars.
We like this little zoo train. The train itself makes these cute train noises, but not obnoxiously. The only thing that I take issue with (as with all the Little People items) is that I can't keep it all together. So, I find pieces all over the house and it is very rarely an intact, complete toy. It still gets played with, just in separate pieces. All of that to say, I will continue to purchase Little People items because the kids like them so much. But, they tend to drive mom crazy trying to keep organized.
My 2 year old grandson loves the Zoo Talkers toys I keep around for him (and sometimes his 4 year old sister) to play with. These toys are durable - I think you would have to drop one onto a hard floor from a height of 4 or more feet to cause damage, or whack one with a hammer. Easy to gather up the pieces when playtime is over, and the entire unit is easy to store. Safe, even for a 2 year old, as are all Fisher-Price toys in my experience (going back to when my daughter was a baby). The safety factor means that I don't have to be constantly watching when the toy is in use. And best of all, the Little People Animal Sounds Zoo Train keeps my grandson absorbed, occupied and happy.
"This is our 2nd Zoo Talkers Toy.  We also have the larger Zoo playset.  This makes a nice complementary item to the larger set although you do not need to have both.  I have two young children and I find my less active, more imaginative child enjoys playing with Zoo Talkers.  There is not a lot of fancy things to it.  You have your animals, the train, the Ferris wheel.  The animals ""talk"" when you place them in the Ferris wheel.  Of course your children are going to want to place every small toy they own in the Ferris wheel and they all won't talk but still fun to spin things around.  You can order more animals to go with this, for more of the ""talking"" fun if that's what your kids enjoy.  Mine could care less about that part at their young age (2.5 and 1).  They are more into make the train go places and spinning the Ferris wheel around."
"This is the first of the Little People Zoo Talkers collection that my children have been exposed to, and so far the reception has been positive. Our two-year-old got first crack at it, and he spent quite a few minutes on it. He especially likes turning the Ferris wheel and making the animal sounds. The five-year-old had to check it out too, of course, and primarily enjoyed the wheel.One plus for us as parents is, though there is a musical item in the repertoire, it doesn't use the same singing voice that is used in many Fisher Price toys. (A high-pitched, woman-posing-as-a-child voice that kids might like, but that grates on adult nerves after a while.) So in this case, the kids can play the  audio portions as much as they want. And batteries are included!The construction is rugged and the design seemingly danger free, with no rough edges or severe points. The only nitpick I might make on the toy overall, is that the Ferris wheel car is easily separated from the engine, and the connection is too small for toddler hands to manage. For us this means lots of calls to ""fix it"" from our youngest.All in all, this is a really neat toy, and I suspect it would be even neater when joined with other items in the Zoo Talkers collection. I recommend it!"
I got this train for my 2 year old to add to her Zoo Talkers collection.  She already has the zoo playset, the zoo truck, and several extra animals.  She definitely likes animals and vehicles so I thought she would like this.The train comes with two animals and a little people main.  The two animals are a koala bear and a white tiger.  The animals are compatible with the rest of the set.  So if you get the zoo, there is a place to put the animals where the playset will tell the child the name and the animal will make its specific sounds.  This train has a place to put the animals that makes random animal noises unassociated with the specific animal and plays music.  That's too bad.  I wish that the koala wouldn't growl and make money noises when placed on the button.The train has a caboose with a platform and then a ferris wheel car.  There are only two cars.  I wish it had three so that the train could be longer.  Not all of the animals fit well on the ferris wheel either.  Longer ones like the included white tiger fall off easily.Overall, the toy IS cute.  I can't say that it engaged my daughter for long, but I'm noticing that she likes to play with her older sisters' toys these days, and not toys that are age appropriate.  I don't think the suggested age range of 1 1/2 to 5 is accurate.  I can't really see a 5 year old playing with this (I have one - she won't).  This is really a baby toy.  I'd say that it's appropriate from about 9 months to 3.  3.5 stars.
Our one year old son really seems to like this zoo animal train. He loves to take the conductor, koala, and tiger and move them around to the different sections of the train. The sounds and music are very realistic and I like that the animals are interchangable with other zoo talkers toys. It is a very simple train which makes it a perfect toy for a young child!
I got this toy for three year old twins, a boy and a girl. The toy seemed sturdy enough to last a while but light weight and easy for them to carry around. The children liked the animals and the sounds and carrying the truck around. Both the three year old boy and the three year old girl seemed to enjoy the toy equally. The boy was most interested in the truck and the girl in the animals. There were enough parts that it kept both of them entertained. There is only one button that makes the noises in a cycle of repetition when pressed, so I can not say it is extremely educational since any character could make the same sound when sat on the button. It was cute, sturdy, and age appropriate. Just plain fun.
"We have the zoo Little people set and this one is along the same lines, so of course both my 3 year and 1 year really like this toy.  It's a train that and a ferris wheel car that attaches.  It comes with a large white Tiger, a Koala, and a zoo keeper.  One thing that always bugs me about the Little People sets, including this one, is how few figurines they give you-this one only has 3, but there is plenty of room for 4-5 animals, so one of the first thing my daughter did is go and get animals from her other sets to play with on this set.The Koala and zoo keeper fit in the ""seat"" but the tiger doesn't, so my daughter got a little frustrated b/c it was the Tiger's ""turn"" to drive the train and he was too big to fit, he does fit in the back part of the train and on the ferris wheel basket just fine. It makes animal noises when you push down on the ""seat"" of the train, it makes monkey and elephant noises and also plays a little safari music-I just think the animal sounds are funny b/c the set doesn't come with a monkey or elephant, but my kids didn't seem to mind.  The train moves nicely when push it across the floor and the ferris wheel car stays attached when you're moving it, but is still easy to slide off.Overall, it's a fun addition to the Little People we already have, but if this is your first set, you may want to buy some more animals/people so your child has enough figures to play with."
My daughter enjoyed this toy for all of 4 days and her 3 year old cousins were the same way with it - it hasn't been touched in weeks. It loses its fun factor pretty quick and got boring. The train came with a conductor and only 2 animals, a tiger and a koala, which in itself adds to the snooze factor. It would be more fun if it came with more animals. It only makes a few animals sounds, some of which it doesn't even come with. Not much educational value in that since the child can't see/hold the animal making that sound. Also the conductor doesn't even have to be in the seat on top of the button to make the sounds. I did like the ferris wheel it has on it because it helps with motor skills of turning the lever, but overall I'm not impressed at all.
This is a cute little toy. Although the train conductor and two animals have the notches in their bottoms, the only one that will sit properly and sit in the driver spot is the conductor. There are no notches in the areas for the animals, so I don't see a purpose of the animals having them. So there is nothing to assist the animals to stand up, although they do stand up straight on their own. The tiger will not sit properly on the ferris wheel, so it is difficult to turn the ferris wheel completely around with the tiger on it, but works fine with the koala on the ferris wheel. The tiger fits fine in the car right behind the engine. The sounds are cute, but only are made when you push the conductor down. Although it is a cute idea, there might a couple of areas I can see some improvements.
It's a cute toy, but the ferris wheel is pretty flimsy. When the handle is turned, it tends to lift up or fall over.  The conductor is the only character made for the set - the others require the zoo set in order to work (then they activate special features.)Each character had a specially designed base with a unique pattern - so the device it plugs into can recognize it. With this set, none are recognized. The conductor just snaps on - but you get the identical sounds my just pressing the smoke-stack. The animals just sit where you place them - no sounds, etc. You could use any other small critters with this toy.  For the money, it's not a bad deal. But it also comes off as a way to up-sell and have your child continuously nagging for the rest of the set.
We already have the Fisher-Price Little People Zoo Talkers Animal Sounds Zoo set, so this train set is a perfect compliment to that product.  My 2 1/2 year old daughter has fun putting the various zoo animals in the ferris wheel and on the train.  I love how these two toys stimulate her imagination.This set seems to be made very sturdy, and has already survived being thrown, stepped on, and sat on.  I recommend this product, especially if you already have the Zoo Talkers Animal Sounds Zoo.
If it's a train my three year old loves it. This Fisher-Price Little People Zoo Train is sturdy, colorful and makes lots of noises that will drive me up the wall. Funny thing is my son doesn't care all that much for toys that make noises - he prefers to make his own. And if he gets bored we can have the tiger eat the koala bear. We own a few in this line of products and this is a nice addition. As far as toy prices go I'd say it's a fare price. Recommend.I received this product through Amazon Vine and do not have to give it a positive review.
This is essentially a truck/train with a trolley - the trolley contains a ferry wheel which can be rotated with a handle.You can place an animal of your choice on ferry wheel and rotate the wheel.  Pushing on the safari driver will make 3 different sounds alternatively.It is a well built toy but you child will get over it after a while, my daughter used it for 2 days and no longer touches it.  Usually the first time usage with a toy is atleast a week to 10 days when they over-use the toy after which she puts it in a bin for another 2-3 months !  But with this one, it has a shorter half life.It is also to do with the age group - this is good for kids age 18 months to 2 years/2.5 years, but the time they turn 3+ years, they have seen so much stuff these days that they no longer enjoy it.
