Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
This toy is very fun. That being said it is much more fun if an aduult participates, helps, and encourages.  Something most of us as parents and grand parents need to do more of anyway.  Because of this I liked this toy even more. I have two  3 and a half year old granddaughters, they play with this for 2-3 hours when they come over. The crank on the Sundae mixer/maker is hard to turn, and the play dough is hard to open for little hands.My grandaughters have a blast playing with this together, and they love the interaction with Grandma, so for time spent bonding and sharing ideas I give this toy a 5 star rating.All of the other reviews have done a good job covering the positive and negative aspects of this toy.I love it because it gives me a chance to get to know my little honey dolls better, and we are making memories sharing this fun together.  That is what life is about, so kudos to Play Dough for offering a toy that helps me spend more fun time with my grandchildren.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.07938341051340103,0.07520703226327896,0.0806351900100708,0.06941472738981247,0.07916095852851868,0.07398169487714767,0.0772879496216774,0.07714415341615677,0.07720952481031418,0.0788249671459198,0.07675840705633163,0.0790892168879509,0.0759027823805809
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
This Play Doh play set combines two ways kids love to play:  Pretending to make/eat food, and sculpting with play dough.  The combination of these two things makes for a fun time in our testing.  Two three year olds and a five year old all had fun making pretend ice cream treats.Likes:- Fun. Winning combination: food play + sculpting.  Our kids and neighbors had lots of fun with this.  My wife spent more time that she should have making treats.- Good value.  This is an affordable toy, for the amount of fun we had.- Fun toys included:  Two clear cups, plastic spoons, a syringe-like extruder, a bunch of stamps (fruit, etc), plus the soft serve / shake maker.Dislikes:- The shake maker is a little fussy and needs adult or older kid supervision.  My 3 year old can't open it and load it her self.Other thoughts:- Some assembly required, but goes pretty quick, and parts are designed to only go together one way.- This toy encourages different age groups to play together.  Older kids or adults help the younger ones work the shake machine.- Mixing colors: I had to suspend my belief against mixing play dough colors as the swirl patterns you get from mixing is just too cool.  Plan on buying more play dough soon!Summary:5 stars.  This is not a perfect toy.  The shake maker is a little fussy and you'll mix colors.  I still give it 5 stars though, because it is really fun and we liked it a lot.
"My 6 year old liked this Play-Doh food playset, but I have to say as a parent, I was disappointed with this product. I should add that we already own the Play-Doh ""Magic Swirl Ice Cream Shoppe."" The ""Sweets Caf&eacute;"" is very similar; it seems to just be a different version of the same product and I feel the ""Magic Swirl Ice Cream Shoppe"" is a little superior overall (At this point on, I will not make any further comparisons between the products). The major complaint of this product, which is also the major focus of this toy, has to do with the mixer. It doesn't really mix two different colors of play-doh together very well. Once we mixed two colors in the mixer (which was not overly full of play-doh), there was not an obvious swirl of colors. One color on top and one color on bottom. Also, my son had a hard time turning the crank, and he was not able to take the top off by himself in order to add more play-doh to the mixer. At one point, he asked me to help him get one of his molds out, but I soon realized it wasn't a real mold. There are two very deep, round holes on top of the playset among all of the other molds, which really serve no other purpose than to dig out play-doh. The directions that come inside the box show the whipped cream dispenser being used to fill a smoothie cup. However, when I tried it, I had to refill the plunger 3 times to fill up my cup. It was at that point I read on the outside of the box that it was a ""whipped cream"" plunger. My favorite part of this toy is the cute little cups and molds. Once the unit is put together, it cannot be stored back in the box. My son played with it for about 15 minutes before he lost interest in making any more smoothies. Overall, I love Play-Doh products, I just feel there are better playset options available. This has a very narrow spectrum of play interest."
This toy is very fun. That being said it is much more fun if an aduult participates, helps, and encourages.  Something most of us as parents and grand parents need to do more of anyway.  Because of this I liked this toy even more. I have two  3 and a half year old granddaughters, they play with this for 2-3 hours when they come over. The crank on the Sundae mixer/maker is hard to turn, and the play dough is hard to open for little hands.My grandaughters have a blast playing with this together, and they love the interaction with Grandma, so for time spent bonding and sharing ideas I give this toy a 5 star rating.All of the other reviews have done a good job covering the positive and negative aspects of this toy.I love it because it gives me a chance to get to know my little honey dolls better, and we are making memories sharing this fun together.  That is what life is about, so kudos to Play Dough for offering a toy that helps me spend more fun time with my grandchildren.
Some of the coolest Play Doh toys are ones that mix together separate colors of Play Doh to make either new colors (Like the Elmo color mixerPlay-doh Sesame Street Color Mixer) or rainbow designs (like this set and the Ice Cream Perfect TwistPlay-Doh Perfect Twist Ice Cream Playset) . These sets are lots of fun, but since you always mixing your Play Doh you are always need to buy more (kind of like ink on a printer!). Not that is a big deal since Play Doh is relatively inexpensive, but it something that you will want to keep in mind.The Play Doh Sweet Cafe Swirling Shake Shoppe set is one of my daughter's favorites. It allows you to mix together a variety of colors to make very real looking shakes and smoothies. It is a bit of an advanced playset so children under the age of 5 will likely need a little help (especially in fastening down the crank for the shake maker).Notes- Comes with 4 cans of Play Doh - Red, White, Blue, and Yellow- Includes a small syringe/extruder for making frosting- Also includes a small stamp/press for making fruits such as strawberries and bananas.- Other accessories include two sundae/shake cups, two spoons, a knife, and several other stamps for making fruit- Assembly is simple, but it is very difficult to disassemble - which is disappointing because we like to store the Play Doh Playsets in their original box.- The crank can be a difficult to fasten down and to turn - younger children may struggle a bit.- Clean up isn't too bad - especially compared to some of the Play Doh Sweet Shoppe playsetsFInal Verdict - A fun playset, but one that will cause you to use lots of Play Doh. The playset isn't too difficult to clean, but it may be a little advanced for children under the age of 5 (unless parents are their to assist).4 Stars
This is a Play Doh set that allows children to make Play Doh shakes and ice cream treats. The concept is really good. They can use the molds to make various fruits to top their sweet treats, use the included tools to squeeze out fun shakes, and make very cute swirl shakes.The children that played with their toy were four and six years old. They really like the molds and of course they loved making the shakes. It was a bit difficult for the four year olds to do independently. Also, the shake making attachment had a tendency to come off the base if we pushed a bit too hard.The biggest drawback is the clean up. There are a few crevasses they can be difficult to get to and clean out well. Of course, if you don't clean it out well the left over doh gets hard and crusty and makes an even bigger mess.If you have a child that really loves Play Doh, but has trouble with making their own free form creations - this would be a very good set to use. However, I wouldn't buy this as a first introduction to Play Doh nor would I buy it for a child that is good with forming their own creations. It is a bit restrictive in our creative you can be.I would feel comfortable giving this as a birthday or other gift to a child between the ages of 4 and 7.
Our kids (7 & 3) have a couple of these kinds of Play Doh sets and enjoy using them from time to time.  The downside is that this set (like many of these kinds of Play Doh accessories) is pretty bulky and takes up probably more space than it's worth.  Quite honestly, when my kids play with Play Doh they don't even usually take these big mechanical sets out at all.  Instead, they more often than not make their own original creations or use smaller molds, presses, & shapes.  Every once in a great while one of them will get the urge to use the big Play Doh machines, so it's nice to have maybe one of these kinds of things on hand and this one is as good a choice as any.  But much more than one such item for occasional use feels like overkill to this parent who struggles to keep the toy chaos organized.
The Playdoh Sweets Cafe Swirling Shake Shoppe was a big hit when my kids first saw it.  My Son was 6 and my Daughter just over 1 and a half.  They both played with it within the first couple of hours but after that it was rarely used.  I think that older aged girls may like this toy better than boys of the same age.  Overall it is a decent toy that immediately attracts attention from kids but it did not offer much in terms of long term playability.
My kids were thrilled when this arrived.  When we opened the box I was pleased to see that the play-doh that was included were the regular sized cans rather than the tiny ones you sometimes get.  My son really enjoyed putting the toy together and it went together quite easily.The kids have played with it for about 7 hours now.  They have enjoyed it greatly.  It really does make darling little fake treats.  The kids have gotten pretty creative with it.  They have made sundaes and fruit salads and every ice cream treat imaginable.  The only down side is that it is starting to come apart and the kids have to keep reassembling it.  But they don't seem to mind.
This is a cute and cleverly made toy for a small child.  Assembly was VERY easy.  So easy a child can do this.  I offer as proof my son.  This toy was waiting for us when we got home from work.  My 4-year-old son immediately opened it and wanted us to put it together.  We told him he would have to wait until after we were done with dinner since we were cooking.  So he looked at the illustration and did it himself in under 15 minutes.  So literally- a child can do this! They definitely did a very good job with the instructions.This was mostly easy to use, we had some problems getting the Sundae maker to work.  If you run into trouble with this, make sure that it is threaded properly and aligned with the bottom.  Just a heads up!  This also had many cute little molds, some built into the sundae maker and 4 that came separate.  This also comes with 4 small cans of play-doh.  This toy could definitely have used larger cans of play doh and I would advise getting a few extra cans if you decide to get this toy.  This also had 2 spoons and 2 Sundae cups.  My son thinks this toy is very cool and it should be a good imagination toy.
"First, I would like to mention that after assembling this playset, it is bulky and doesnt not go back in the box.  I found it and it's accessories hard to store away.  It looks nice when assembled, but my four year old grandson had trouble making his ""ice cream"" creations and did not play with it very long.  I didn't think the finished product looked much like ice cream, and I don't think he did either. I have purchased many play doh  sets, and most I've really liked, but this one misses the mark, especially with the younger crowd.  Maybe in a year or two, my grandson could better operate the features.  In the meantime, it occurs to me, most kids would rather have ice cream and some toppings, and make a treat that they can actually enjoy eating!"
"This has held the imaginations of a 2 and 4 year old very well, with the 2 year old taking it back off a shelf and carrying it around without playdoh.  The playset has enough activities that two kids can play with it at the same time without fighting (as much, ha ha).I was concerned at first with the sturdiness of the crank and extrusion system as we have had playdoh crank/extruders break.  However, this system seems well made and sturdy and handled slightly dried out playdoh without breaking.Pros:Fun for different ages with different activities that can be done on either side of the unit.There is something to do with the playdoh creations (pretend eating).Appears to be more durable than some playdoh sets.So far it also seems easier to clean with less dried bits of playdoh in crevicesCons:4 year old could not crank the playset, so adult supervision is necessary. Then again, if I left they would probably eat it.Some of the ""food"" molds on the top surface are strange and we were not sure what they were.Tip:Mixing playdoh is annoying (at least to some people), but we have a 1 color at a time rule and the toy is still a lot of fun."
"This arrived and I forgot to open it for the kids, accidentally placing it on a (reachable) self with the intention to get back to it ""in fifteen minutes.""  Two days later, I had completely forgotten about it, until I saw that the kids had been attracted to the box, taken it down, opened it, and where completely delighted to be pressing, squishing, and churning Playdoh ""desserts.""It comes with many cans of different colored playdoh, which the kids have used to create many more colors.  This has a cool funnel, blender, or something on the top where they put a couple hunks of playdoh, then turn a big plastic crank that presses the playdoh into a blend of colors & swirling strings.  Hard to explain, but lots of fun.I added ""Great Gift"" to this because two grandparents, on two different days, saw the kids having so much fun together and went looking for something similar for an upcoming birthday.  Too bad Grandmothers!  I got this one for them!!!"
"The age appropriateness of this factory is WAY off - I would recommend it for 6 - 8 year olds, minimum, not 3 - 5 year olds.  My students weren't able to operate most parts of it.  It came with 4 scented containers of playdoh - but my students couldn't identify the scents - strawberry, banana, vanilla & blueberry.The factory set-up was very hard to push together to make them stay together - an adult definitely needs to complete this part.My students were unable to make most parts of this ""factory"" work correctly.  The main part where the ""soft-serve ice cream"" is ""made"" in the center is flawed.  The clear plastic dome top doesn't stay ""turned/clicked in"" to the top while the crank is being turned to make the ""ice cream"" come out through the bottom.  If 2 colors of playdoh are being used to make a swirl effect, prepare to have mixed playdoh colors - they can never become unmixed again.  Even the adults in my classroom couldn't make this part work correctly and stay attached while the crank was being turned.To make the fruit/candies/toppings for the Ice cream sundaes; it was easy enough for them to push in a small amount of playdoh into the indentations, but to get them out, a plastic knife had to be used to get them out, which ruined the ""pieces"".The 2 smaller parts where playdoh could be pushed through to make ""shaped snakes"" did work and my students did have fun with this part.  But I don't feel this is enough to make this factory a good buy.  It's frustration to the max!  I give it a big ""Thumbs Down"" for kid friendliness (and adult friendliness too)."
