Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
"My soon-to-be-nine Daughter is a LPS fanatic, so she was thrilled with  the Slide and Dive Playset. Assembly wasn't bad, but taking the toy out of the box took the better part of a half hour. Each piece is strapped in by fiendishly knotted plastic twists, invisible rubber bands, and other torturous devices that defy easy extraction. There are TONS of little tiny pieces, so this is definitely NOT a toy for the younger ""Put everything in their mouth"" set. (We've already sprung for Doctor visits and X-Rays after our two-year-old swallowed part of his Sister's LPS collection, so now all of the tiny parts are discretely thrown out when the package is opened, before she sees them. Good news, though: Our Pediatrician told us that apparently LPS's tinier pieces are made to break down quickly in a child's stomach. Who knew?) The set comes with an LPS ""Walkable"" Penguin, who walks and slides around on his stomach. It's a cute, busy playset, and my Daughter told me it deserves five stars. (My opinion differed slightly......)"

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.05974385142326355,0.06067373603582382,0.05667521432042122,0.061624471098184586,0.05883702263236046,0.05630026012659073,0.059854697436094284,0.05797528102993965,0.05816325172781944,0.05972563475370407,0.056319352239370346,0.05951904505491257,0.061228226870298386,0.05786174535751343,0.05825166776776314,0.05851539969444275,0.05873110890388489
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
This toy was immediately confiscated by my eleven year old daughter. She played with this for hours on end. She really likes the penguin as it waddles and slides which is different than most the other LPS characters as they don't move. Some are bobble-heads though and move their heads, but that's all. The toy has a cute slide which you can maneuver to send the penguin to different places such as onto the floor, into a little room where he can ride a type of merry-go-round, or he can go to the top of the slide. The penguin is adorable and a bit bigger than regular LPS characters. He also comes with cute swimming goggles. I would recommend this toy to anyone who loves LPS. They won't be disappointed.
My daughter has loved Littlest Pet Shop for years. But she had started to get tired of the same old houses they would come out with year after year. She kept hoping for different types of sets. Finally LPS has started doing that, from their remote control car, the jet with Blythe doll, and now this penguin slide and dive set.The new walkable moving Littlest Pet Shop animals are cute, and this set comes with an adorable penguin. The head moves and adjusts so it can walk/waddle or slide and move on it's belly. It also comes with goggles for the penguin and two coconut drink cups for the pets. Kids love all these little accessories when they play, and I love that LPS always includes some. My daughter said the penguin slides pretty good on the slide which is nice to hear because we once had a toy with a slide and the little figures used to just fall off it before even sliding halfway down.I wasn't quite sure what to put for how many stars this should be as far educational value, but realized it does have some. These toys use children's imagination and that stimulates the brain and helps kids grow emotionally.
As the mom of two certified LPSO addicts, it is nice to a see a little variety to the pets. As usual I love that these toys don't require a degree in engineering to remove them from the packaging.  Assembly is minimal which is another plus because I hate assembling kids toys with a passion. I wasn't as impressed with the appearance of this set as I am with the others we own. It would also be nice if it had two pets instead of just one. I'm pretty sure the others we've purchased, that cost about the same, come with more than one pet. Now I'm forced to buy another one with the wiggly feet so my kids don't fight over the lone penguin.The kids love it though.. The little Penguin's wiggly feet are super cute. He/she can slide and also attach to a part that make the fish on the bottom rotate. The set is durable, but keep an eye on the little drinks that are included. We lost one within 5 minutes and still can't find it. It is the same color as our beige carpe and must be blending in nicely.All in all another great LPSO toy. These are toys that are made to last. Only complaint is the price. It seems a little steep if you consider the simplicity of this toy. Sure the penguin is cute, but the actual play set doesn't have much to offer. I'd much rather purchase one of the bigger LPSO toys if I'm going to shell out more than $20. I received this from Vine, but had I had to buy it, I wouldn't want to pay more than $15.
"My soon-to-be-nine Daughter is a LPS fanatic, so she was thrilled with  the Slide and Dive Playset. Assembly wasn't bad, but taking the toy out of the box took the better part of a half hour. Each piece is strapped in by fiendishly knotted plastic twists, invisible rubber bands, and other torturous devices that defy easy extraction. There are TONS of little tiny pieces, so this is definitely NOT a toy for the younger ""Put everything in their mouth"" set. (We've already sprung for Doctor visits and X-Rays after our two-year-old swallowed part of his Sister's LPS collection, so now all of the tiny parts are discretely thrown out when the package is opened, before she sees them. Good news, though: Our Pediatrician told us that apparently LPS's tinier pieces are made to break down quickly in a child's stomach. Who knew?) The set comes with an LPS ""Walkable"" Penguin, who walks and slides around on his stomach. It's a cute, busy playset, and my Daughter told me it deserves five stars. (My opinion differed slightly......)"
I've never been a big fan of all the small pieces that come with the Littlest Pet Shop toys and the same goes for this slide.  But, my kids are getting bigger and I now only have to worry about the dog consuming the little glasses or cups for the pet.  The penguin, that waddles and slides is great.  My kids have even brought him to school for Show and Tell!  All-in-all this is a fun toy that is sure to delight your 4-7 year old children.
I kind of thought that the whole Littlest PetShop sensation would have died out by now, but not in my 7 year old daughter's eyes.  The latest kit, the SLIDE AND DIVE LAGOON, includes her favorite of all animals, the penguin.  Personally I think this toy is for kids about half her age, and maybe slated more for girls (is it okay to say that? - There's no exploding or shooting features)it's a sweet toy with a penguin that goes down a water slide and around a pool and into a tree house lagoon.  There is actually no real wet water involved, so it's okay for your wood floors!  There's even a dance floor. And all the other pets you have will work with this set, but the penguin moves on its belly to go down the slide and it also walks, like some of the other Littlest Pets she has.  I honestly don't know why she finds this series of toys so much fun, but I did notice that Penguin went to school with her today - so some of her friends must find it still appealing, too.  One of the last sweet and innocent toys, I suspect, that she will want.  And that's a good thing as far as I'm concerned.
"She especially loves the little Pet that came with it that she can turn on and off and runs around on or off the set!  The slide is really cool too!  Definitly can't add water or anything to this set and still have the functonability of the electronic pet, but it's a fun idea with the pretend water park, and Ella just loves it, sits and plays with it with her other Little Pets!  It's annoying when she forgets to turn the included pet off though, and I wish he had a timer where he automatically shut off so the battery wouldn't wear down, or that he was just a wind-up; as kids just forget these things.  There have been plenty of times I find myself alone in a room with it and hear that ""annoying sound"" somewhere, then I am hunting it down to turn it off yet again!  But that aside, she loves this set and finds it fun for a half hour or so at a time!  :)"
"Last month I reviewed theLittlest Pet Shop Treehouse Playset. We also own several other LPS sets, including theCozy Care Adoption Center. Compared to those, this Slide and Dive Playset was disappointing.As with the Treehouse Playset, this comes with one Walkable pet: a penguin. He's got a huge head but he's cute. He comes with preinstalled batteries and he waddles. But there's no instructions to tell you to crank the penguin's head back to expose the wheel. Otherwise he doesn't slide down the ramp very well.Other problems? While LPS sets are generally very good at sharing--the materials show other pets frolicking together here, along with the disclaimer: ""Additional pets sold separately""--plenty of pets don't fit the harness (it looks more like a noose) for the dance floor. And certainly almost no other pets can slide down the ramp satisfactorily. The spinning pool feature is very loose and falls out easily. As a final insult, the cardboard cutout of the tropical lounge background for the dance floor is very easy to forget in the packaging, and probably won't last long anyway. Who wants a toy made out of cardboard?Comes with two very small coconut drinks. The acorns from the Treehouse Playset are bigger and better.Summary: This playset offers very little action, and what little there is doesn't work very well.Age: 4+2 stars (spend ten bucks more and get the Treehouse Playset)"
"The newest niece addition to the family loved this. Providing her with this ""bribe"" , her mother and father were able to carry on an uninterrupted conversation with my wife and I for 2 hours. Any toy that can do that is remarkable in my book.I was pleased to see the toy still in a prominent bedroom toy space upon our next visit , a month later , still intact and in great shape."
My children keep a small collection of Littlest Pet Shops in our home, and I really wanted to like this product. It comes with one little character, and his legs are motorized ... they spin, but he's unbalanced  so he can't really go anywhere. You can connect him at the top of the slide, and then he goes around in a small circle which spins the fish below him. He moves slow, and so this quickly gets boring. The character can also slide down the slide, but then even that doesn't make sense. When he lands at the bottom, there's a moveable plastic fountain that turns by hand. ? It has nothing to do with the character, if you spin the fountain when he's near it, he just falls off the whole contraption. This toy is one of those purchases you make and immediately regret that you'll have to send this chunk of plastic to a landfill. Don't waste your money.
"I am not a parent, and most parents probably think toys that involve real water are THE ENEMY. But when I was a kid, I hated ""fake water"" toys that you couldn't add real water to. This Littlest Pet Shop Slide and Dive Playset reminds me of that. Yeah, the setup is okay and the little penguin is cute, but this toy could have been a lot cooler if the moveable penguin were replaced with a non-battery-operated penguin in exchange for the slide and pool actually using real water. It doesn't do that, so I think it's kind of lame...and my niece agrees. (The waddling penguin is pretty cute, though, I will admit.) I wish this thing were more along the lines of the Barbie swimming pool you could actually fill up with water, or (my personal favorite) the She-Ra Crystal Falls playset...does anyone remember that? It was basically a seashell lagoon with real running water that I played with for HOURS as a girl, and as I recall did not make a huge mess, either. The Littlest Pet Shop toys are all so cute, but this particular playset could have been better, in my opinion. Of course, kids can use their little imaginations to envision the water, but seriously, splashing around in real water would be much more fun (for niece and auntie alike)."
My girls love LPS.  They have probably 50 of the little toys in addition to a big treehouse, jumbo jet and other accessories.  When I had the opportunity to receive and review this Slide and Dive Playset I jumped on it.My girls were SQUEALING when they saw the surprise I had in store for them.  It was fairly easy to get out of the box and comes with two mini coconut drinks and a walkable Penguin.  (Other walkables work on this, too.)  I almost missed and threw out this cardboard picture that gets wedged as a backdrop at the top of the slide, but I'm glad I caught it at the last minute.  It adds a cute touch.The girls played with this slide every day for the past 2 or 3 weeks now and their girlfriends who come to play are equally excited about the slide.  If you have a LPS fan in your home you can't go wrong with this toy.
"I handed this toy over to my ""testers"" (my two oldest-- 5 year old boy and 3 year old girl), and they were so excited.  It was easy for my son to figure out how to play with it, and for awhile, they were totally entertained.  I wish that I had one more of the little animals so they both could play together, but this set only comes with one, but fortunately, my daughter was happy to watch most of the time while my son showed her how it worked.Basically, the little penguin can go down the ""water slide.""  Kind of cute.  I don't know how much repeatability this toy will have since we don't have any more Littlest Pet Shop stuff.  My son was much more interested in figuring out more interesting ways to play with the toy-- like watching the penguin go up the slide.  There's also a little ""wave pool"" at the bottom that the penguin will ""splash around"" in (basically go around in circles).  There's also a ""dance floor"" at the top but it wasn't as cool as the wave pool.  The most fun they had, though, is watching the penguin travel around our hardwood floor.  The water slide was soon abandoned.  The accessories that come with the lagoon (two cups and a snorkeling mask) was also hardly played with.I do like the penguin, though.  You can have the penguin go on his tummy or walk around upright.  I don't think there's an automatic shut off for him, though (if there is, he was never left on long enough to activate it, but he was left on for minutes at a time), so I wonder how long we'll last on the original battery.  I'd be interested in getting more of these ""walking"" Littlest Pet Shop guys if my kids were into them, because they're pretty cool (and cute!)."
From the toy's name, I thought this would be something where I could be able to put in a little bit of water, and my 3 and half year old daughter could have her favorite small pets slide and dive into it. She loves playing with water.I was disappointed upon getting the toy and noticing it's just a fake imagine slide and dive. Comes with a usual battery operated one pet. The build quality materials are very good as can be expected, but there is nothing in this toy to really captivate a child's interest.My daughter has not played with it or expressed interest into it, after the initial first day we opened it. It has been dissected and parts salvaged into her other toys and collections.
This toy didn't entertain my little girl for very long.  I don't know why, but I thought it was a real water toy. I think she would have liked it if she could have made a mess and splish splash.  (Maybe I should be thankful!)I imagine this will get tossed aside for more exciting things. There are too many little parts that I suspect will get lost. I have the kind of kid that can't find her barbie shoes either.
This play set gets boring fast. Comes with one animal, and it slides down the slide, and that's it. Not worth the price, but still we pay it for our kid's sake. Save your money and just buy the animals, they can make up scenes themselves, and your not stuck with plasic to recycle later. Just not entertaining enough to make it worth it, my daughter played with this about ten minutes and hasn't played with it since.
This Littlest Pet Shop Slide and Dive Playset arrived right before the blizzard and was a bright spot in our solitude. My 13 yr old daughter helped me remove it from the packaging and it was very well secured.  It used a heavy twine instead of the wire twisty fasteners I'm more familiar with. The twine was more vacuum and/or environmentally friendly.There is only one animal included in this set, the purple penguin.  It  included the required batteries to either swim or waddle. It's pretty irresistible to children, even my 18 yr old got a kick out of it and the cat thought it ought to be her new play toy.  The small coconut drinks and  cardboard backdrop are a nice touch.  I would recommend Fisher Price little people for younger children but this is decent quality if your child is at least seven years old, very careful with her things, or doesn't have younger siblings that destroy cherished possessions on a regular basis.I liked that this structure had several play options from the dance floor to the water slide to the pools.  Now that we've been introduced to the walkable pets I don't think my daughters would settle for a Pet Shop pet that was only stationary in nature.  Kudos for coming up with increasingly popular penguins- my kids can't get enough of penguins.
