Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
"""Angry"" isn't necessarily the word I would use.  I'd rather use the word ""frustrating,"" but I thought I would try to be cute with my review title.  K'Nex brings us the Angry Birds Mission Mayham playset that allows youngsters to construct their own Angry Birds level and then chunk birds at it in order to knock it down just like you do in the popular game.  It works, for the most part, but the set does have its problems.For starters, the level set is made to be destroyed, so the pieces don't hold as well together as in a standard K'Nex set.  Putting it together can be very frustrating for youngsters who are in a hurry to put it back together in order to knock it back down, so if it keeps falling apart during construction, some children will most likely lose interest and just use their sturdier Legos to build something to knock over with the birds.Secondly, the price is a tad bit steep for a simple set like this.  Granted, K'Nex is banking on the popularity of the Angry Birds game, but after a few parents shell out their money for this set and word gets around that it isn't all that wonderful, I see this item heading for the clearance aisle.My son loves the game, and actually has a few of the plush birds in his toy arsenal, so I thought this would be a fun toy for him to have.  He does enjoy it, but doesn't play with it as much as I initially expected due to the fact that he gets aggravated building the level at times.  My son is actually very patient.  He's five, but will spend quite a bit of time piecing together puzzles with 100+ pieces.  He usually just ends up playing with the two birds and three pigs included with the set.Overall, this toy was a bit of a disappointment.  While it does encourage young minds by making them build and rebuild the level, they will most likely get bored with it very quickly.Only recommended to hardcore Angry Birds fans and collectors."

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.07232150435447693,0.07210543751716614,0.07153400778770447,0.0702047273516655,0.07088792324066162,0.07353904098272324,0.07596435397863388,0.07416269183158875,0.07022533565759659,0.06740016490221024,0.07221004366874695,0.07040553539991379,0.07064753025770187,0.06839171797037125
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
My two granddaughters, ages 5 and 7 are huge angry bird fans. When I saw this for review in the Vine program I thought it would be a fun game for them to play.The K'NEX set has 178 pieces with five characters (white bird, red bird, and three pigs). Also included is the golden egg and a launcher.The game was more frustrating than anything. After setting up the scenerios which took a lot of time because the K'Nex pieces would fall apart easily. On one hand you want the pieces to tumble when you shoot the angry bird out of the launcher or sling, but the pieces tumbled down at the slightest bump or jiggle. Finally we took the launcher and made a game out of who could launch the bird the farthest. Then the launcher broke. The girls did like the angry birds and the pigs so they took those and incorporated them in their My Little Pet Shop toys.So, all-in-all, I can't recommend the game and especially can't recommend the game for the younger set. They don't have the patience to deal with the constant rebuilding and especially before you even get the first bird launched!
This is a simple case of a great idea coupled with terrible execution.The great idea: Take the Angry Birds property and turn it into a physical game where the birds destroy Lego-like structures for hours of fun.The Execution: The bricks are not even close to Lego quality, the structure is an unstable mess, and it isn't really that fun to play with.And that's the crux of it - It just isn't fun.  The only upside to the entire set is that the Birds and Pigs are pretty neat and might make fun collectibles.  But I can't even recommend the set as a way to get the birds with extra Lego-compatible pieces as you won't want to mix the cheap K'Nex blocks with your Lego blocks.Summary: Avoid unless you really needs the Birds as collectibles.
This is my first K'NEX set in a long, long time. My kids were looking forward to receiving it, even though none of us has played Angry Birds much.  Out of the box, the set proved challenging even for my son who's very good at building LEGO sets. Many of the pieces either don't fit or fit way too loosely.The other thing is, there is just very little play value in this set.  My kids have reconfigured it several ways, rather creatively, but by the 2nd day they'd lost much interest. Because the pieces of the set fit loosely, a lightest touch makes the whole thing fall apart -- yep, even worse than your typical LEGO set! So we spend most of our play time cleaning up rather than building or playing.The launcher, in particular, is very poorly made. It's almost impossible for a child of any age to use. I'm very disappointed in the low quality aspect of this product.
If you followed the building set directions to completion, including making the wobbly, shifting TNT crate base, then had the stamina to catapult birds at it, smash it to pieces, and rebuild, I salute you.  My 6-year-old gave up on the wobbly TNT crate base and ran around the house slingshotting birds.  Then, she started making Play-Doh wigs for the pig heads. Yet, she thinks this is a fantastically wonderful toy.  She loves the birds, the pigs, the golden egg.  I tried to make the base, on which everything else stands, but the tiny TNT boxes kept popping out of line and skittering onto the floor, turning me into the cursing mommy.
"What a cute idea so poorly executed. My son and husband tried to put this together tonight, and my husband kept repeating, ""These [blocks] are horrible! They don't stay together!"" over and over (he was calling them another brand name, so I removed that...the other brand is WAY better than these K'Nex. I think the only saving grace about this set is the pigs,  bird, and golden egg. They are cute. But all Angry Bird figures are cute. I told my son to just bring them into the bath with him and play with them in there.My husband abandoned my son after a bit, and my son began to exclaim his frustration about the pieces not staying together. He finally got the slingshot to work good enough to knock down some pigs, said a half-hearted ""yaaaay"" about it, and then played with something else.Such a cute idea! Why didn't someone put more thought into the execution?I would not recommend this set or any other Angry Bird sets. I'm sure they are just as bad. I'm surprised at the quality because I thought K'Nex was known for quality product, but since this is our first experience with them, I think I'll stick with that other brand that works much, much better."
"Our entire family (mom, dad, three young kids) are Angry Birds fans, so I thought we could have a lot of fun with this game. The kids already play a kind of ""live action"" Angry Birds using the plush toys. Well, we should have stuck with that. This game is rather shoddily made, so it's hard to get it to work right and stay together in the first place. There aren't very many game pieces, so there's a very limited amount that you can do with them. And the price is kind of outrageous. (I received mine free as a sample in exchange for my honest review.) I wish they would go back to the drawing board and try again with this one, the concept is excellent."
"""Angry"" isn't necessarily the word I would use.  I'd rather use the word ""frustrating,"" but I thought I would try to be cute with my review title.  K'Nex brings us the Angry Birds Mission Mayham playset that allows youngsters to construct their own Angry Birds level and then chunk birds at it in order to knock it down just like you do in the popular game.  It works, for the most part, but the set does have its problems.For starters, the level set is made to be destroyed, so the pieces don't hold as well together as in a standard K'Nex set.  Putting it together can be very frustrating for youngsters who are in a hurry to put it back together in order to knock it back down, so if it keeps falling apart during construction, some children will most likely lose interest and just use their sturdier Legos to build something to knock over with the birds.Secondly, the price is a tad bit steep for a simple set like this.  Granted, K'Nex is banking on the popularity of the Angry Birds game, but after a few parents shell out their money for this set and word gets around that it isn't all that wonderful, I see this item heading for the clearance aisle.My son loves the game, and actually has a few of the plush birds in his toy arsenal, so I thought this would be a fun toy for him to have.  He does enjoy it, but doesn't play with it as much as I initially expected due to the fact that he gets aggravated building the level at times.  My son is actually very patient.  He's five, but will spend quite a bit of time piecing together puzzles with 100+ pieces.  He usually just ends up playing with the two birds and three pigs included with the set.Overall, this toy was a bit of a disappointment.  While it does encourage young minds by making them build and rebuild the level, they will most likely get bored with it very quickly.Only recommended to hardcore Angry Birds fans and collectors."
We own the Angry Birds: Knock on Wood Game by Mattel, so when we saw this kit from K'nex, we thought we'd have just as much fun. However, we were wrong.This set is very difficult to put together. Like most K'nex kits, the pieces are very small. Some of these pieces you're instructed not to connect to the 'pegs' but rather sit loose, so they can be knocked over. This makes it very hard to build the structure. Although the launcher is very easy to put together, it's very difficult to squeeze and shoot the birds.Since this kit is so hard to put together, I'm dumbfounded by the fact that someone would want to build it and knock it down. My 7-year old was disappointed and opted for a puzzle instead.If you're looking for something similar that's much easier to build and have fun with, I'd highly recommend the Knock on Wood Game by Mattel instead.
What a great idea, give a kid a sling shot and let him shoot projectile birds at brick walls. My kids love the Angry Birds games and I thought this would be a good idea for them to play with. Unfortunately the blocks aren't as sturdy as I would want them to be during set up and instead of hours of fun playing my kids got frustrated with the pigs falling off their creation before they were able to mow them down with an angry bird. But all is not lost! They now have an amalgamation of the K'Nex set with Legos and Lincoln Logs to create their little battle scenes. Could this be made better? Sure. Was it a waste for us? No. My kids are not easily daunted and put their imaginations to use and were able to make even more fun out of this tow by incorporating others in it as well.
"The theme and idea of this connector set is right up the alley of my Angry Bird loving kids. They loved setting up the structures and knocking them down. The colors and representation of the angry birds, pigs, TNT boxes and bricks look just like they do for the game.  The flaw in this set is the bricks. It is difficult to get the building blocks to stay together. So to set up a basic angry birds structure requires the precision of a miniature ship builder. The blocks and structure fell apart about 10 times before we could employ a hand delicate enough to keep it in one piece long enough to knock it down with the porcine projectiles.  So while a ""real life"" angry birds toy is a great idea, unfortunately this probably isn't the one to get.  I imagine something better will come along to satiate your Angry Bird cravings."
Just get him this Angry Birds as a present.  My eight-year-old has been playing Angry Birds for a while and he does have a small Angry Birds plastic game that I think he received as part of some kind of fast food kids' meal.  But this was like going from a Honda Civic to a Rolls Royce.  He loves, loves, loves this game and spends hours playing with it.  And it's challenging enough that his older siblings (and parents, too) will enjoy the physical dexterity involved.  A great gift for an Angry Birds fanatic.
We've gotten more use out of this game by using the little plastic birds and pigs in 'freestyle' playing than to try and use as a game.If you try to play the game as is, no one will have fun. However, with a bit of imagination--and no rules or turns!--this box contains many play pieces.They in no way compare to LEGOS, and I would never personally buy this game. However, we've been gifted two Angry Birds games, so we just play freestyle.
As long as you don't plan to use this on how it is intended, it's a really fun play set. In our house, the game lasted a good half hour, with boys ranging from 4 thru 7. The older one set up the structure, with some difficulty, but I like him having challenges, and for the most part, he seemed pleased when he could do it himself. After a few times of building it back up, they lost interest since the structure is unstable without steady hands. Once they realized they could set up the pigs anywhere, the entire house became a battle zone. some were placed on pillows and the boys came up with ideas to roll and fire. Other times they placed flashlights in the dark to react a space scene. It became the best imagination game they have ever played - Their words, not mine. 2 hours full of laughs makes this mom very pleased. The best thing is, it is a brand new scene every time they play! I absolutely love that they are finally putting down the electronics willingly and using their imaginations!!
This is our 3rd KNEX Angry Bird set, as our 4 year old is a complete nut over anything and all Angry Birds.  This product is much better than the Angry Birds Knock Down games, as you can actuall interact a bit more with it, and the slingshot works a bit better.As we are putting it together, I noticed they had you place a lot of blank pieces that cover only one connection point. This is to allow it to come apart easier when it gets hit by a bird, but it makes it extremely aggravating when trying to put the thing together. Also, if assembled as instructed, a swift breeze could knock it down.I modified this by choosing not to use the small tiles that cover connection points, making it way more enjoyable!The only other issue some younger users may have is operating the sling shot.  It takes a bit of finger strength to squeeze it tight enough to launch the birds.  Our 4 year old can launch the smaller birds fine, but the larger ones are too hard for him.  He still manages to have quite a bit of fun with it, though.
