Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
With a almost 7 yr old who ADORES animals and science, I figured this kit was a shoe in for keeping her happy on a 'I'm bored' day, and I was right!My little craftiesta adored the kit!I loved that there was no little paints jars to open (plus!), that there wasn't 8 pictures that would end up all over the house (a serious problem when you have an artistic child) and that the paints worked really well at not bleeding. My daughter just thought it was FUN and loved painting dolphins!Ravensbburger has always had quality products and they haven't failed on this paint set. We'll definitely be buying more of them!

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.0523812472820282,0.04763919860124588,0.04584832862019539,0.04876198619604111,0.04798171669244766,0.049891844391822815,0.049569547176361084,0.04380613565444946,0.04571422562003136,0.047167036682367325,0.047570936381816864,0.04580385237932205,0.048415303230285645,0.04465387389063835,0.04853735491633415,0.04941200092434883,0.0451597198843956,0.047080352902412415,0.04885717108845711,0.04772490635514259,0.048023246228694916
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
With a almost 7 yr old who ADORES animals and science, I figured this kit was a shoe in for keeping her happy on a 'I'm bored' day, and I was right!My little craftiesta adored the kit!I loved that there was no little paints jars to open (plus!), that there wasn't 8 pictures that would end up all over the house (a serious problem when you have an artistic child) and that the paints worked really well at not bleeding. My daughter just thought it was FUN and loved painting dolphins!Ravensbburger has always had quality products and they haven't failed on this paint set. We'll definitely be buying more of them!
My kids loved this. The kit comes with 6 colors and a &#34;recipe&#34; book for making other color (or you can mix whatever you want to try to make your own). It comes with 3 pictures to color on. The lines of the picture are thick and the paint doesn't stick to them, so the final product comes out looking very nice, even if your kids have trouble staying inside the lines.
"My 11 year old daughter used this product and she was pleased with it.She said: ""It was fun to mix the colors, creating different colors. It is very easy to follow the directions.""It comes with the liquid colors: red, blue, yellow, purple and black, a 20 sectioned tray for the colors to go in, a paintbrush, a pipette, and three ""canvases"" with shapes drawn on which looks like they are embossed with liquid. The instruction booklet is in several languages and includes a page showing how many drops of each color to make new colors.All in all, she had fun painting and I would consider this a good craft to do on a rainy day."
This is a really great set, and I would highly recommend it for any budding artist or a watercolor beginner (both older child and adult). It comes with three sheets of designs, 5 bottles of concentrated paint colors, a decent two-ended brush, a dropper for water, a paint palette, and a nice booklet with watercolor ideas, tips and how-tos. The back of the booklet contains the best part: the mixing guide. It has tons of different colors and the exact number of drops of color to achieve what you want. This is where it gets fun! You get to create your own palette of colors and experiment around to get the right shade. It is very educational and also a blast. I would definitely consider buying this as a gift! The only reason why I didn't give it 5 stars is because I think only three watercolor sheets is too few and it would have been nice to have some blank sheets to experiment with too. However, you can easily buy water color paper and still use the paints, brush, palette and continue learning. There is quite a bit of paint per bottle, so it should last through several more projects.
This kit introduces ages 8 to 13 to water color painting.  The kit includes a double brush, 3 outlined canvases, 5 base colors for mixing, a palette, water pipette and complete instructions on mixing colors.  The idea is a good one. The kit basically has everything you need for a good solid introduction. The problem for me comes from two things; price and canvas availability.  I believe for what is included in the kit, the price is too high.. You can buy a watercolor set for kids and pad of watercolor paper and have essentially the same thing for much less.  Yes, the outlined canvases are a great idea, but there are only 3 of them. Once they fall in love with watercolor painting, finding the specialized canvases might be problematic. I couldn't find them here at Amazon.  Ravensburger makes a good product but needs to rework this kit to add more canvases and reduce the price.
I got this for my daughter who loves to paint. She usually does her own freestyle creations, but once in awhile she enjoys a kit like this to help her learn techniques. This kit is a great introduction to the techniques of water color painting without a huge investment or being faced with expensive, empty canvas and wondering &#34;what now?&#34; My daughter will love the colors and the aquatic theme. A perfect, non-intimidating first experience in formal painting techniques.
My daughter is 14 and very artistic, but had just recently mentioned that she doesn&#8217;t like watercolor because her paintings end up looking &#8220;like a big blob&#8221;.  So, when I saw this kit, I thought it would be perfect for her since it has a feature to minimize the &#8220;big blob&#8221;.  I have had Ravensburger puzzles in the past and always been very pleased with the quality, so I wasn&#8217;t surprised at all when this product came with actual bottles of paint, a tray, decent quality brushes, and the actual images were on good quality paper.  Definitely not disappointed with the quality!My daughter immediately painted one picture and the outlines that resist everything running together, worked well.  Her painting looked nice and definitely wasn&#8217;t a blob!  I think it was beneficial for her to do these and get a feel for how to control watercolor paints and blend them without the frustration of everything running together.  It has definitely changed her perception that watercolor is always bad and she isn&#8217;t opposed to trying on her own now.
"When I got this, I thought my 13-year-old daughter would be all over it because she loves dolphins and she loves crafts (and when she was younger, she loved to paint with watercolors).  But she gave an ""oh that's nice"" kind of response and never looked at it again.  After several weeks, I got it out and started painting, and, realizing that it looked like fun, she joined in.Though the kit comes with three canvases, we immediately realized the problem that there is only one brush (though it's two-sided).  Fortunately we were able to find a second brush amid her toys, so we were able to paint together.She particularly loved the colors, and we liked mixing them, though, for the darker colors, sometimes it's hard to keep track of what a given color is that you've mixed up.  The kit comes with a small test canvas for trying out colors, and we made frequent use of it.My daughter reported that she enjoyed painting, but she decided she would rather just have plain paper to paint on.  I kind of agree.  I found it really hard to see some of the very small, detailed outlines.  I used to do a bit of watercolor as a hobby, and I used to use diluted glycerin to make the colors slower to dry and more blendable.  I really missed having glycerin when painting my dolphin canvas because the paint dried so quickly, it was hard to avoid hard lines (for example, I wanted to smudge colors together to create a sunset).Neither of us is very artistic or good with this kind of thing, and I bet there are six-year-olds who could run circles around us.  It takes a lot of patience (which neither of us have) to do a good job with this kit.  But it was fun and worthwhile, and we came away both wanting to pursue watercolor as a hobby again.  We still have one canvas left to do, but we have a LOT of paint left, so we could dive right in with just a watercolor tablet.  I'm pretty cheap and find just about everything to be overpriced, but I actually think the current price of the kit ($12) is excellent, and even full retail ($20) is worth it.The only things I wish this kit had are a couple of spare, plain canvases and a second brush (maybe a bigger one)."
This is the second Ravensburger Arts and Crafts kit I've reviewed this Christmas shopping season, the other was theWorld Cities Arts and Crafts Kit, and I'm impressed by these collections. While I liked the World Cities kit better for the brighter colors and more interesting artwork, this one shares the good qualities of the other. It's fun, can be clean or easy to cleanup, and not too demanding for children as young as 6. My own 6 year old daughter did a great job mixing paint colors for the World Cities kit and I was able to come up with some passable dolphin colors with this one.Ravensburger has perfected the way to make detailed watercoloring nearly foolproof, just mix the colors you want, keep your brush clean and fill in the blank areas with whatever color seems appropriate. The line art magically keeps itself pigment free allowing your final product to at least be recognizable as the white lines shine through. The paper is excellent at preventing pigment from migrating via capillary action. So even I could get something nice looking out of the process.These kits get my highest recommendation for a crafty child. It might not be high art, but it is fun.
As it says on the box &#8211; watercolors made easy - and that&#8217;s what it does.  IT was easy to create the painting and the kids didn&#8217;t get frustrated by it.  It comes with three canvases and watercolor paints in tubes and a tray to mix the colors to make a variety of new colors.  The canvases are outlines, making it easy for the kids to paint.  They had fun and the paintings of the dolphins were a treat!
"There are three water color boards in this package.  We got the kit with dolphins.  The ""canvas"" is set up with clear lines that delineate the shapes of what you are painting.  If you used paint by numbers as a kid - this will have a similar feel to it.  There are several great things about this kit.  First, the paint is really high quality water color - I know because I order art supplies all the time and these paints were better than what I order from the school supply warehouses.  They come in convenient little bottles that drop or stream - depending on how hard you squeeze.  Five stars for paint quality and pigment.  The booklet has a fantastic color chart and recipe page - easy to follow - kids loved creating the different blends.  And there is a GREAT explanation of about half a dozen water color painting techniques - explained in a paragraph for each one - and a color example of what it looks like, i.e., glazing.I brought this out to a local park, we used the water from the park - nothing special and we sat at a picnic table and worked with this for about two hours.  It was an AMAZING experience.  The kids stayed focused (8 and 10 years old), they talked about everything (which was priceless to me) and my son has an incredible painting ability - who knew?!?  He never sits long enough to demonstrate any talent - until I saw this.  We laughed and joked and poked fun at our work - some of the color choices - and it was great fun.Tips:  Bring additional fine brushes - the kit only comes with one very nice two sided brush - you will actually need about 6 water color - 5 point or so - brushes.  You may want to bring a bigger one for the larger areas.  Also, bring a microfiber cloth to wipe the brushes.  The kit does come with a blotting paper - but how easy is a microfiber cleaning cloth?!  And I brought three extra cups for clear water to continuously rinse the brushes.  And another cup for clear painting water for glazing the picture, etc.  Leave in the air to dry - depending on how saturated the paint (water) soaks the paper, you do need some drying time.  One last thing - you can use empty foam egg crates for additional painting stations.  The kit comes with a fantastic little plastic paint receptacle for mixing and dipping, but you may want more than one and empty egg crates are perfect for this.I only wish there were 5 or more painting sheets in each box, because it would be a PERFECT party activity, and a few more paintbrushes."
This is far more than I had expected.  I thought it was a simple paint by numbers kind of thing with caked watercolors.  It's not that.  It's liquid watercolors with an eyedropper for precise control on how much goes into the pallet, a good, reusable plastic pallet with 20 compartments, a piece of heavy watercolor paper for testing colors, and three fabulous panels on heavy paper.The paintbrush is double sided, which is odd but not horrible.The paints supplied are blue, red, purple (in the red family), yellow, and black.  Most purists say you don't need white -- just let the white of the paper through.  I'm a fan of white for when I want a pastel effect -- pink is not quite the same thing as pale red -- but that's very much a minority opinion.The paper feels like a smooth cold press.  That means it has more texture (and more grip) than a hot press, but not so much texture that it becomes a design element in its own right.This can serve as both an arts and crafts hobby kit, and as a serious introduction to the art of watercolor painting.  The instructions are well suited for a first lesson.  It's supposed to be for ages 8 - 13, but it's sophisticated enough, and engaging enough, to be fun for teenagers and adults as well.
Both of my children and I regularly attend art classes at a local gallery.  We love to paint, but so far, we've only ever used acrylics.  This was our first experience with watercolor.  Our paintings turned out really nice.  The canvas has wax outlines though, so I wonder how much of a difference that made?  I feel like this was a good set to experiment with, but I want to get my hands on another without outlines and see how much of a difference there is.
The Aquarelle sets are a great idea for any kids interested in moving beyond crayons, in this case to watercolor paints. This set has three nice images of dolphins. I sort of wish the wax outlines were black instead of white because some of the detail gets lost on the lighter colors.Everything needed to paint is included: brush, tray, watercolors, mixing pipette, instructions. Don't be deceived by the handful of colors included in this set. The colors are easy to mix and dilute to create a wide range of pigments in the tray provided. The instructions contain recipes for achieving various colors and some painting techniques. Unless you're practiced at the wet-on-wet painting technique, don't expect to see finished products like those on the box cover.There are only three pictures, and when it comes to kids, that's sort of a negative in my opinion. The wax outline isn't foolproof -- painting different colors wet side-by-side will still cause obvious bleeding if extreme care is not taken. The larger side of the brush could've been larger, but the dual sides make it handy to use. And there's plenty of paint for all three pictures.Great quality all around, I wasn't displeased by anything in this set. A great project for a rainy day. Recommended.
I got this for my 7 year old (although the box says 8+) because she loves art and I thought this would be perfect for her.  She really liked it, but I feel like this is better suited to somewhat older children.  I helped her with the mixing of the various colors and read all the instructions to her and explained how water colors work.  She began with the painting process but it wasn't as easy for her as I thought it would be.  She wanted to &#34;take a break&#34; and have me take over for her.  So I completed the painting and I really enjoyed it!The water color prints are smaller than I expected.  It may have said it in the description, but I thought these were poster size prints to paint.  They were about 8x10 which is much better than poster size anyway because you can fit the paper on any size desk or table.  The colors were super easy to mix and there are plenty of spots for lots of color options.  I only wish that more brush sizes were included.  The instructions reference a larger size brush #3 and #4 but we only got a #1 and #2 (double sided brush).  They worked just fine for our project, but a slightly larger brush would have been nice to use for the expanse of sky.I especially liked the raised, silvery outlines that made staying in the lines so easy.  You could paint right over the lines but the paint would evaporate right off of them so you still have clear, crisp lines.  This is absolutely perfect for the novice water color artist!
My 11-year-old is the artsy/craftsy type and really enjoyed this Ravensburger watercolor kit. It explains how to mix the colors, etc., well enough that she could dive right in without adult help. It took her a while to learn how much to adjust the amount of water to get darker/deeper colors, but she's enjoying experimenting with the different colors and shades. This is a nice introduction to watercolors for young children.
Ravensburger has created a nice starter set to introduce your child to the style of watercolor painting. You get 3 predrawn aquatic pictures about notebook size that contain unpaintable lines to help your child create a beautiful painting. The paper is thick so the paint will not seap through. The kit has a 20 slot tray for mixing, 5 viles of paint (red, blue, yellow, purple and black) an eye dropper and a double-sided paintbrush. The instructions are clear and easy to follow.  Even though we've only done one painting it looks like there should be enough paint to complete all three.Recommended.
My daughter is five so she is under the target range for this product provided by the manufacturer. However, I decided to take a chance at it because it really looked like something she would like. I'm glad I did because she really enjoyed this. The kit comes with three dolphin-themed canvases, a double-ended paintbrush, five bottles of paint (red, yellow, blue, magenta, and black), a water dropper, a small rectangle of water color paper for testing out colors, a paint mixing tray and a very detailed instruction book with mixing instructions and detailed color theory age appropriate for elementary school children.The canvases have areas that resist the paint so no matter where children paint, the design still comes through. For this reason, this product can definitely be used for much younger children, which is great.I noticed some other reviews mentioned a couple of things they didn't like. First, they said that there were only three pages to paint. While that's true, my daughter worked for quite awhile on the first one and only completed about half of it in her first sitting (which is fine). Unless your child rushes through the project, three pictures will be entertaining for quite awhile. And you can still use this paint for blank paper as well. Another review mentioned that the brush size is very small. I think this is great to teach children careful work and develop their fine motor skills. Maybe my daughter paints more than other children, but we've got about 10 other brushes in various sizes that we've collected over the years. That said, she didn't ask for a different brush and seemed perfectly content with the small one to do detailed work.For the price, I think this kit is really great. We tried another paint/color mixing kit, theDjeco / Discover Color Color-Mixing Workshop, Chirp-Chirpand it was very poor. There was no mixing pallet, not many areas to paint at all and it was more expensive. I'm super happy with this Ravensburger set and I'll likely seek out more of these sets in the future. I also hope that perhaps Ravensburger will sell stand-along canvases to supplement the kits for those of us with left over paint.
Excellent quality in this intro to watercolor painting set.  Good quality liquid paints, not cakes, and a dropper for precision.  The paper is nice and thick so the paint doesn't seep through, and the plastic palette is nice and sturdy.  Best of all, the instructions were very clear and my 11 year old daughter created really beautiful paintings.  She was so proud of her work, that's she's asked for more sets for Christmas.  Highly recommend!
The Ravensburger Aquarelle Dolphins Arts and Crafts Kit is a lot of fun and I found the painting to be quite relaxing. The box says the age range is 8 -13 but, heck, I'm in my 50's and loved it! For those children on the younger side of the age range, it would be helpful to have an adult or teen help them out with mixing colors and getting a start on their painting.Use the color mixing chart to match up colors to the examples on the box or pick your own colors to mix and go watercolor rogue in a wild and creative way! The set comes with 5 colors and a pipette (for adding water) so by following the color chart &#34;recipes&#34;  you'll have a lot of colors to work with.It's an all around fun introduction to watercolor painting for anyone tempted to give it a whirl and see how it feels to paint before investing a lot of money in art supplies and classes. It comes with everything you'll need except water and some paper towels.
Great quality, FUN time to explore watercolors with this easy kit!Our daughter, who is 7, loved this watercolor set.  She has painted with watercolor paints before but she loves dolphins so when we saw this kit we knew we wanted to get it for her.  We had never bought her a watercolor kit before but we know we made an excellent choice with this one.  We were extremely pleased with the kit for several reasons:  the ease of use, the instructions, the ability to mix colors, the variety of colors to choose from and the double-sided paintbrush.  The instructions were easy for her to understand and she had everything she needed to complete all three of the paintings.  While she has drawn her own dolphins before; she loved using the palette to mix her colors.  We are looking at some other sets to get her for the holidays!3 watercolor paper canvasses with paint-resistant image outlines, each sheet measures 7.25&#34; x 9.25&#34;5 liquid watercolor paint bottles1 double-sided paintbrush with two brush sizes1 water pipette1 color-mixing paletteDetailed instructions.
