Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
"Umizoomi is a decent enough show for younger kids that involves simple math.  My son is a big fan of cars, so he gets a kick out of UmiCar.  It was a disappointment when we got this.The car uses an infrared remote which works quite well.  It goes forward and back-left, so the child must learn that, to turn the car, he'll need to do a reverse circle to orient the car in the proper direction.  In the center of the remote is a ""find me"" type button.  It just makes the voice of Bot chime with the same saying every time.When the car moves forward, Bot starts counting to 10.  However, every time the car stops and then moves forward again, Bot starts over from 1.  So, if you don't have a long enough stretch of perfect terrain, you never make it to 10.There is a 5th wheel in the front that makes the car turn when in reverse.  This wheel is also strangely equipped with a spring sensor that prevents the UmiCar from successfully navigating even simple terrain like going from hard wood to carpet.  I suppose it's supposed to get the child to give it a kick, but it just ends up being confusing and annoying.The 3rd flaw is that Mili and Gio can't be removed from the car.  I wanted my son to like the car, but he loses interest very quickly.  I found a school bus that works similarly, but plays music and does ABC.  He likes that better."

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.04984220489859581,0.052344247698783875,0.052483756095170975,0.04575464501976967,0.049471430480480194,0.048994310200214386,0.04958970844745636,0.04817558825016022,0.04970762878656387,0.04949650168418884,0.052661024034023285,0.048828668892383575,0.05010773986577988,0.050524916499853134,0.046590980142354965,0.05022355914115906,0.050456464290618896,0.047297827899456024,0.056567370891571045,0.05088144540786743
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
A two-year-old loves this car! She already knew how to count to three, but this reinforced that and added to her ability to count to ten.
"First, when you see this car in person your reaction will be that it is really big. It is big and solid. My four year old was thrilled to see it and loved it, but quickly got bored with it. It basically moves forward and backwards, and there is a ""tracking"" button on the remote. This button will have Umicar drive itself to the person holding the remote. This works sometimes. More often than not the car would go in the opposite direction.  Also, the forward and backward buttons tend to have the car curve more instead of going straight.It would also be really nice if the characters would come out of the car, but they are connected to it.The volume is really loud and can become annoying after a while.One thing that confused me was the remote came with batteries but the car did not.If your child is a big Umizoomi fan, this might be worth checking out. It is fun for the child, but keep in mind it isn't perfect and might become a dust collector."
My girls (ages 3 and 5) are big fans of Team Umizoomi.  It is a great show and very educational.  We were very excited to get UmiCar for the little one and purchased it during the Black Friday time frame from Toys R Us for $30-$40.  I am personally very disappointed with this product.In my opinion, this product doesn't work very well.  It barely follows you.  You have to hold down the button for it to start moving towards you.  If there is anything between you and the car, it has a lot of trouble getting around it.  This is the type of toddler remote controlled car that only has two buttons.  A forward button and a reverse/turn combined button.  That means when you want to turn, you push the reverse button and the car reverses and turns at the same time, and in only one direction.  So if you want to make a left turn, you basically have to hold down reverse and it keeps turning right until it makes a 3/4 circle and it is facing left.  This is typical of toddler remote control cars, but those usually cost $10 at JCPenny.  Now imagine the car trying to do that automatically.  The car is moving towards you and it runs into an obstacle.  Now it starts reverse turning to try to get around it instead of just turning.  This leads to more obstacles and easily getting stuck.  Is is so frustrating to see this thing try to get around something simple by doing donuts all over your floor.  It also does not work well on carpet.  Basically, the only way it drives to you automatically is if you are standing right in front of it on a hard surface floor and it has a primarily straight line between you and the car.  Without the automated driving, all you have is a $10 toddler remote control car in a cute UmiCar $40 body.The only positive about this item is that this UmiCar is cute and the girls love pushing it around.  This is really the only reason that it hasn't been returned.Overall, the poor performance does not justify the high price of this car in my opinion.
I'm not familiar w/ Umizoomi at all, but I still found the characters very cute.I had a bit of an issue w/ the remote control. Even w/ new batteries, it didn't quite work all the time. My twin toddlers didn't care for the remote feature anyways, and just liked to play w/ the car itself like any car toy.It would have been cuter if the characters could be removable.As just standard car toy, my toddlers enjoyed it. However, the remote feature didn't quite work well and my toddlers only wanted to use it as play phone eventually.
Another toy that I got for my little cuz and once again she enjoyed it, of course the others who are a bit younger enjoyed it more. I can't say how much fun your kids will like it but I can say that these little ones around here had fun with it. Driving around with other toy cars and stuff so I would think that they would recommend it.
"It comes with batteries for the car but not the remote. The only sound it will make without the remote is a horn hooking by pressing a red button on the back. After putting batteries (3 AAA) in the remote, I was able to explore the other sounds. There are 3 buttons.1.  Up button: drives the car forward or in a circle2.  Come button: supposed to make the car come to you, but it may drive backwards or in a circle before doing so.3.  Back button: drives the car backwards or in a circleMy complaint is not with the motion of the car, but instead with the sound. If you release any button, the sound stops, then starts on the next track when a button is pressed again. As a result, you are going to hear lots of ""Umi Car"" and music, but very little counting - unless you happen to have a very long straightaway and chase the car to keep it in range of the remote. This car car be somewhat annoying at times.I would recommend this toy if your child is obsessed with the TV show; otherwise there are much better remote control cars or ways to teach a child to count. I am unfamiliar with the corresponding TV show on Nickelodeon since I do not pay for cable."
Here's a toddler-friendly, math-friendly, gender-neutral (the girl is driving, right?)R/C car that's sweet and cute, too, as opposed to oozing, slithering or decked in camo.  My 3-year-old nephew got a kick out of manning the controls, and the dexterity and spatial awareness that come with maneuvering the car are not bad payoffs.  Do you need a toy to teach you how to count to ten and back?  I don't think so.  This is more about making something go.  There is a window of time when kids think R/C is magical, and this will appeal to a boy or a girl.
"This toy has been a huge hit at our house. We haven't really seen the show but having a toddler in love with cars I thought this would be perfect and it was! The remote is simple with forward, backward and ""find me"" which makes the car come to you. Each button is a different color so it works as a learning tool because you can ask your toddler to press the green button, or the yellow. You can also ask them to go forward or backward. That gets them thinking and learning about direction and colors. The counting function isn't perfect. The car won't make it to 10 before it runs into a roadblock most times. The car can go a pretty good distance before it is out of range. A feature I like is that it wont drive if it is off the ground and someone presses the button. That makes sure that little fingers do not get pinched. Overall this is a durable and fun educational toy that will continue to get a lot of use in our home."
Fisher-Price Team Umizoomi: Come and Get Us Counting UmiCar. My 2 year old grand daughter loves this little car. She laughs as she makes it go back and forth. She tries to count along with the car. She loves it when she uses the remote as a phone and the car talks back to her. This car was the easiest toy ever to get out of the package. It had three plastic pieces on the bottom that you just twist and the car is out.  The car moves well on the carpeting and the wooden floors. She was very excited to get this car because she loves watching the show.
As other reviewers have said, there are a few issues with this toy. The remote control doesn't always work properly. However, young children will enjoy playing with the car sans remote, so that's not the end of the world. The car itself is pretty cool and the sound effects are fun, although it would be nice if there was more of a variety of noises. Finally, I think this toy could be improved if the two characters were removable and could be taken out of the car so they could be played with separately.
My daughter glued herself to this toy right away.  It's a car and she loves anything with wheels.  (Guess I have a tomboy in the making, huh?)  She figured out how to press the button and use the remote.  Me...I had a hard time with the remote.  That's why I took off a star.  You have to press the button on the car before using the remote.  I've never seen that before so it doesn't make sense to me at all.  Your child will like it IF he/she likes Team Umizoomi and/or cars.  Other than that, I'm not to sure about it's educational value since it only goes up to 10.
The car is cute and well made. It has backward, forward and come to me buttons on large remote. It works as described in product description. One thing I did not like is that you cannot remove the characters from the car. The characters and car are in one piece. Also there are no lights on the car. It does count when it moves, but basically that's all it does. I think the manufacturer could have made this better by: Having characters removable so that child can play with them or put other toys in car, have lights in front of car.For kids who are fans of Umizoomi, I do recommend this toy.
My 3 year old loves the Umizoomi show and was delighted when this arrived. She only counted to 5 before, and after using this she no longer stumbles though 6-10. =D The remote is easy to work and requires batteries. The car sings and counts from 1-10 when the car is in motion. When the car gets stuck on something it makes the most annoying clicking sound, but my daughter has learned better control of the remote as she plays. It got heavy use for the first week and then got pushed to the back of her toybox. It resurfaced when cousins were over, was put into the rotation again, and after a few days my daughter lost interest again. But she will go back to it and has learned something from it so I'll give it 4 stars. Took 1 star off due to the fact it can't hold my daughters attention for more than a day or two and because the remote sometimes shuts off and frustrates her.
My grand-daughter is a little under three years old but she can operate this car perfectly. She caught on to it in minutes.This is very simple to operate the remote control and you'll be surprised as to how fast young kids catch on to it. It operates just fine outdoors on a sidewalk and my 5 year-old grandson can hardly wait for his sister to go into the house for lunch.Highly recommended.
"When we tried this toy, it worked great for us! The remote has three buttons: an up arrow makes the car go straight, a down arrow makes the car back up in a circle, and a middle button cause the car to do a few backwards turns before pointing itself toward the remote and stopping at your feet with the exclamation, ""We found you!"".For the price, I thought it was impressive quality and good fun!Note that the remote uses IR, however, which means it works like a remote control for your TV. It won't work if you cover up the end, and the remote needs to be pointed at the car with nothing in the way."
My 5 year old grandson decided to try out the Team Umizoomi Umicar.  He is a fan of the show, as I am.  He is at the top end of the age suggestion.  He had fun playing with the car at my house, but I don't think it would get too much play time if it were at his house.  He did make it get on everyone's nerves by not letting it finish any of the phrases and just pushing the button over and over.  I guess if there is a way to be annoying, a 5 year old will figure out how to do it!My first reaction to Mille and Geo not going out of the car was disappointment.  I thought it would add to the fun to be able to play with the characters.  Now, I am glad they won't come out.  This way, they won't get lost!  My grandson has managed to lose the remote after just one short play session,  I thought I would happen across it, but so far, nothing.  The 3 year old twins are arriving tomorrow.  I guess I better renew my efforts to find it!By the way, it does come with demo batteries for the car, but there are no batteries in the remote.  It needs 3 AAA.
This little car is cute and colorful colors. Perfect for a toddler. The noise is a bit annoying for an adult but made a toddler squeal. The dogs on the other hand DID NOT like it running around.My three year old nephew, whom I got it for, wasn't that interested. I think this would be better for a much younger toddler.
I got this for my daughter as she is a huge Umizoomi fan... she loves Geo's belly, belly, belly screen!After playing with it about a week, the car has helped her with counting, so I will give it credit there.  However, I agree with others about the toy getting frustrating at times for its not so good maneuverability.  She can find it tough to steer, but does get some fun out of it.I thought that the price was a tad high for what it is.  I am guessing because the show has to get their part as opposed to a similar toy with no characters.  Oh well, we'll see how long she plays with it.  I think it 'okay'.
"Umizoomi is a decent enough show for younger kids that involves simple math.  My son is a big fan of cars, so he gets a kick out of UmiCar.  It was a disappointment when we got this.The car uses an infrared remote which works quite well.  It goes forward and back-left, so the child must learn that, to turn the car, he'll need to do a reverse circle to orient the car in the proper direction.  In the center of the remote is a ""find me"" type button.  It just makes the voice of Bot chime with the same saying every time.When the car moves forward, Bot starts counting to 10.  However, every time the car stops and then moves forward again, Bot starts over from 1.  So, if you don't have a long enough stretch of perfect terrain, you never make it to 10.There is a 5th wheel in the front that makes the car turn when in reverse.  This wheel is also strangely equipped with a spring sensor that prevents the UmiCar from successfully navigating even simple terrain like going from hard wood to carpet.  I suppose it's supposed to get the child to give it a kick, but it just ends up being confusing and annoying.The 3rd flaw is that Mili and Gio can't be removed from the car.  I wanted my son to like the car, but he loses interest very quickly.  I found a school bus that works similarly, but plays music and does ABC.  He likes that better."
My 2 year old daughter loves the show Umizioomi so I figured she'd love this car as well. I have to say I was a bit dissapointed in it. The car works with a remote and the remote has only 3 buttons: Forward, Backwards and the middle button which is supposed to have the car come to you if you press it. There is also a button on the actual car that you need to press if you havan't played with this toy in a while, because I tried the remote first and nothing happened. As soon as I pressed the button on the car, the remote worked.My daughter played with it for a few minutes but then discarded it becaus it was sort of a pain to get the car to move correctly. The car doesnt move in a straight line, it always curves no matter what direction you want it to go, so it can get a bit frustrating for a 2 year old to figure out.The sounds the car makes are kind of loud and annoying at times, especially if the child decides to keep pressing the same button over and over and over again. I wish the lights on the car lit up because it almost looks like they should, but nothing at all happens to the actual car. Another letdown. The one good thing I noticed right away about this car, is how sturdy it is. I actually dropped it trying to get it out of the package and it fell a bit of a distance onto the hardwood floors and didn't sustain a single dent or scratch and it still worked perfectly fine. Since then my daughter(who prefers to carry the car instead of driving it) has dropped it many more times, and it still works.I guess if your child likes Umizoomi this would be a nice gift, but for the price it is now, and for how little it actually does, I don't think it is worth it.
