Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
When we gave Arnie to my 5 and 8 year old kids, they were very excited at first.  They couldn't wait for the box to be opened and to start playing.  They even fought over who would get to use him first.  This was pretty cool from a parent's point of view.  But, after about an hour or so, they stopped playing with it and haven't played with it again.  I'm not sure why, it makes lots of sounds and sits up real cute as well as other things.  They also play with other dinosaurs (not electric) they have all the time.  So, this one is likely to be donated to a child that will appreciate it.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.05014390870928764,0.05613096430897713,0.0532061941921711,0.05339964106678963,0.046249870210886,0.05302632227540016,0.054719891399145126,0.05317884311079979,0.05624137818813324,0.05271509289741516,0.056642573326826096,0.048957474529743195,0.04979058727622032,0.053431615233421326,0.049860548228025436,0.05040837824344635,0.050217077136039734,0.057034097611904144,0.05464551970362663
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
Wow, this dinosaur is huge!  He's quite a bit bigger than I expected!  That being said, the children think he's awesome.  He stomps and walks and moves and talks.  He rears back on his hind legs, to the children's delight.  Apparently, if you have the other Dinosaur Train dinosaurs, he interacts with them, too.He speaks over 80 phrases and sounds, which is pretty incredible.There is a wrist band included so you can remotely press the buttons on your band to make him move and talk, but it's not necessary.  You can press the buttons right on the dinosaur, too.Arnie's mouth can open, but only when you press the top of his head yourself.  It doesn't open when he talks.So, tons of fun for children.  Parents, if you're concerned about space, be aware that Arnie is over 12 inches tall and big and bulky.
This is a great toy for fans of the PBS cartoon or if you already have some smaller Dinosaurs from the same series. If you are interested in the interactive feature I would not advise getting this one first, but I'd start with a smaller one and then move up - in order to avoid disappointments. Some of the dinosaurs from this series cost less than half the price of this one, yet are supposed to be similar in interaction. I've seen a great 2-pack of smaller dinosaurs from this series at a local (national chain) warehouse.My 5 year old loves it, my 8 year old was not interested at all but your kid/kids might be different. I found the interactive feature somewhat lacking, and some of the sentences too repetitive. The Argentinosaurus looks impressive on any shelf in a child's playroom and appears to be a well-built and sturdy toy. We had it for a few weeks and even a baby's rough testing did not affect its functionality.
This dinosaur train character is cute and a nice size. BUT, the internal motor is quite loud and distracting. My preschooler enjoyed it for the first few days but hasn't returned to it. The interactive wrist band is a nice touch. It says several phrases and does several moves. Would probably be more fun with the other characters that interact with each other. A dinosaur enthusiast might also find this toy more fun.
"When my 3-year-old granddaughter saw this on the Vine selection page, she *really* wanted it, so naturally her wish was my command (yeah, I'm a marshmallow when it comes to her).She was very excited when she first got it, and we took it out of the box. It's big, colorful, sturdy and she thought it was ""cool"".Unfortunately, after about 10 or 15 minutes she was on to something else. It just really didn't hold her interest. First of all, as others have mentioned, it's got a very limited repertoire. It roars, and speaks a few sentences; it'll rear up on its hind legs, and ""walk"". Sadly, the ""walk"" is pretty darned lame. On a hard surface, it barely moves ahead before stopping the action cycle; on a carpet it can't get anywhere at all.The wristband actuator also is pretty unreliable. Sometimes it activates Dyno, sometimes it doesn't.For the 50 bucks that's currently being asked for this toy here on Amazon, I really don't think it's worth the money based on the reaction from my munchkin. Fortunately for me, I got the unit for free through the Vine program in order to review it. If I actually paid my own money for it I'd be really... annoyed, to say the least."
At sixty bucks, this was massively overpriced.....it's currently fifteen, which is quite a bargain. It's a gigantic toy, and my soon-to-be-four-year-old Son enjoyed it, for about 10 minutes, when he received it for Christmas. It quickly fell by the wayside. It wouldn't really walk on any surface, be it carpet, tile, or hardwood, and all of our other Dinosaur Train figures are apparently too outdated to interact with Arnie at all. They interact with each other just fine, but not Arnie. I suspect he'd interact with newer versions of the figures we have, which I find to be very irritating. Not that it mattered....As big and cool-looking as he is, he just didn't do enough to keep my Son engaged.
"We have several of the original InterAction Dinosaur train toys in out house and they were played with for a while and then they were left alone because there isnt much to do with them. Arni and the newer dinos add a new dimension to the series. Not only do they talk and interact with eachother but they move! This brought new life to the old dinosaurs also, since they had to come out and interact with Arnie. The movement is great and the ""watch"" controller is great too. You push the button on the watch and it is like pushing the button on the dinosaur itself. This dinosaur is HUGE too. Of course, once the novelty wears off it will go in the toy bin and only be pulled out once and a while. These types of toys are not long term in my house, but they are a lot of fun while it lasts."
Arnie Argentinosaurus is so cool. He is big about the size of a big cat. He makes many dinos sound and talks too. He even rears up on his hind legs and walks.  He is an interaction dinosaur meaning he will talk and inter act with other interaction dinos from the Dinosaur Train series. (links below ) You use the small wrist for remote to make him move.Our whole fmaily loves him from the 2 year olds to the 87 year olds. I had thoght to give him to my 4 yr old grandson, but my 12 year old is so inthralled with him, that he wants to keep him for himself. Wish the mouth moved by itself but it does not.Tomy International Dinosaur Train InterAction AlvinDinosaur Train - InterAction BuddyDinosaur Train Interaction Don PteranodonDinosaur Train - InterAction TankDinosaur Train - InterAction TinyTomy International Dinosaur Train InterAction King CryolophosaurusDinosaur Train InterAction CretoxyrhinaDinosaur Train InterAction Morris
"This dinosaur is fun to play with right out of the box. There are 2 buttons on the dinosaur and one watch button. Pressing the buttons makes him rear up and walk and talk. He wouldn't walk on the linoleum and moved very slowly on the carpet but it was enough to be interesting. When he rears up he says ""lets ride the train"" and my 2 year old takes that as an invitation to hop aboard the dino every time. His friends have made the same mistake as well and then the dino sounds like it is about to break under their weight while it is trying to move. I would like to see how it interacts with the other dinosaurs but at this point it just isn't getting a lot of playtime in our house."
Fist off - this is one big dino! Huge reaction from my son when we opened the box - which was very easy to remove Arnie from. No need to fix or install batteries, he worked right away. Both his back-toggle and the watch activate him for play and he has a friendly sound and appearance. Won't know about his interacting with other dinos until we score a few, but Arnie is fun all on his own.
My boys love the Interactive dinosaur train figures and this is a nice upgrade to the set.  I love how the dinosaurs talk to each other and also love the new features on this one.  Arnie stands about 12 inches tall and is one of the bigger figures of the set.  It does move and talk when you puch the buttons on the figure or on the included remote control.  The dinosaur is still not made the best and feels kind of cheaply made but holds up very well to childrens play.  The figure could also use a few more moves and controls as it more glides or slides along the floor on wheels instead of moving.  Overall a decent toy that is fun but still could use a little more work.
"The product description states ""The wristband, in particular, is not always responsive to commands, even at extremely close range. Arnie's ability to walk is also somewhat underwhelming, as he generally only proceeds forward about a foot at a slow, clunky pace. Parents may also be annoyed that the figure occasionally comes to life with sounds, even when not actively being played with. Despite these deficiencies, Arnie Argentinosaurus is still an enjoyable toy for young children, especially fans of Dinosaur Train or those merely enthralled with dinosaurs.""That's putting it gently. This toy is utterly useless. The wristband is pointless, as your child has no control over what the dinosaur does. At all. They push a button and he does something - either walk, talk, etc. - but it's random and that's only when it actually works. The dinosaur didn't ""walk"" so much as shuffle it's feet in place, no matter whether on a hardwood floor or carpet.The box also claims ""features over 80 dinosaur sounds and phrases"" and it does - in theory. It says a couple of things. It'll say more if you have it play with other dinosaurs you purchase. It DOES NOT say 80+ things unless you invest in other dinosaurs.Within 2 days the wristband stopped working. In a bit over a week, the dinosaur itself stopped doing anything. Despite battery changes. Just stopped working. My children are 4 and 5, so it wasn't a case of this being a toy designed for gentler use than it was subjected it. It's made for 3 and up. It was a case of a toy just being a huge disappointment. It sat on the floor useless and not played with for about a month and then finally I threw it away. I was sick of the kids whining that they wanted to play with it and then being upset that it didn't do anything.Save your money (the sticker price on this thing is ridiculous anyway) and get something else."
"My son is very happy with Arnie, even though we don't own any of the other interactive toys.The massive size of Arnie is a big plus, its a very ""impressive"" toy.  Arnie cycles through his sayings randomly, although, there are a couple he repeats too often.We don't own any of the other interactive toys, but Arnie seems to be really good quality.On a more negative note, it seems like Arnie doesn't inspire much creative play.  My son plays with a lot of different toys with his siblings, and they make up a lot of stories.  When he's playing with Arnie, I notice that the play is very one-dimensional.  He just sees what Arnie does.  So far Arnie hasn't been ""invited"" to play with the other toys.  This is generally a bad sign in our house, as outcast toys usually make it in the garage sale pile sooner.Anyway so far its so good, hopefully Arnie makes it to ""round two"" and becomes played with more often.  For now its not so sure."
"I think this dinosaur could be better. The biggest complaint is that it doesn't actually walk, it takes 1 step or it's more wiggle than walking. When I hold his neck down it walks better, so i think there is a weight shifting problem.Also there is a lot of machine noise, especially when he is ""walking"". I also can see that his tail is divided to 3 parts but moves slightly.It would be nice if dinosaur could be rubberized outside. Plastic is easy to break with busy kids.I can see that fans of the cartoons will like it, but personally I wouldn't pay full price for it."
OK let me start by saying I am a 46 year old child who loves toys more than my kids.Dinosaur Train InterAction Arnie Argentinosaurus is so very cool! We love everything about him. He is large by toy standards but not so large that you need an extra room to claim him like our last dinosaur Koda the Dinosaur.Dinosaur Train fans will love the whole InterAction toy line but especially Arnie.Pros:The colors are wonderful.The sounds are fun and kid friendlyHe is completely interactive and walks, opens his mouth and makes over 80 dinosaur sounds and phrasesArnie rears up on his hind legs by either pressing a button on Arnie or on the included wristband.Cons (only because most reviews have them):He takes 4 AA batteriesYou can only be 10 feet away from ArnieMy kids and I love Arnie so much we may have to add some of the other InterAction Dinosaur Train characters to their Christmas list. We want to watch them react to each other.Our favorite thing about Arnie: We love that he walks and stands on his hind legs!Great toy for 3-8 year olds but like I said, I am 46 and love it.
We already have two InterAction dinosaurs (Dinosaur Train InterAction DerekandDinosaur Train InterAction Cretoxyrhina), and my son loves to play with them. They truly interact to a certain degree, speaking to each other when you press the button on their backs.This one - at over a foot tall - is the largest by far. He offers 80 sounds and phrases, but you need other InterAction toys to activate all of them. (In other words, some of his phrases are only said to Cretoxyrhina and others are only said to Derek and I'm sure others would only be said to other InterAction dinosaurs if we had them.)One HUGE improvement for this one is the watch-like bracelet so that even without other InterAction dinosaurs, a child can use the wristband buttons to interact with the dinosaur. Before, I felt like I needed at least two for the full playing experience for him.Another change for the InterAction EXTREME line (which our other two are NOT part of) is that the dinos move. The others just sing and talk, while the new ones do things like walking and rearing up, in this case. My son loves that; our dog, however, is terrified. (Poor pooch!)While I love this toy, it loses a star for the price. I expect that it will come down a bit or have a big price cut at Christmas, but I just don't think it's worth half the price of a LeapPad (another loved toy in our home), which is what it is now.
This is a neat dinosaur.  If you have any of the other Dinosaur Train Interaction toys, this one is even neater than the other ones in that it moves by raising up and down, stomping on the ground.  This toy is neat on its own but its more fun if you own others so they can talk to each other.  The only problem I had with this toy is that the wristband that comes with it is very easily disassembled.  My son had taken the remote control part off the wristband within two days and now it is lost.  Since a big part of the fun of this toy is being able to control it remotely, it is a shame that this part of the toy wasn't designed well.  You can still control the toy by pushing the buttons on the toy though, so it is still functional.  Other than the problem with the wristband, this is a fun toy and a good addition to your Dinosaur Train collection.
"A large dinosaur that can ""rear back, stomp and walk""...who wont like it? Except the 'rear back' is more of a slight twitch and 'stomp and walk' is more of a wiggle-on-the-spot.  It is obvious that the writer of the ad copy / toy description did get carried away by the imagination the toy can spark.  The sound quality is OK - but there is no volume settings (either off or on - thats it).  Though we cant test if Arnie will say all the promised 80 phrases or not - without the other InterAction buddies, Arnie gets stuck saying a few phrases in a loud screechy manner.Nevertheless, a large sized toy any child can make a centerpiece in their games - very sturdy and looks durable, nice bright colors, and no parts that have the risk of falling off or becoming choking hazard.Overall, a good toy if you intend to get other InterAction toys to let Arnie live a more social life - else, a tad overpriced for what he can do by himself."
When we gave Arnie to my 5 and 8 year old kids, they were very excited at first.  They couldn't wait for the box to be opened and to start playing.  They even fought over who would get to use him first.  This was pretty cool from a parent's point of view.  But, after about an hour or so, they stopped playing with it and haven't played with it again.  I'm not sure why, it makes lots of sounds and sits up real cute as well as other things.  They also play with other dinosaurs (not electric) they have all the time.  So, this one is likely to be donated to a child that will appreciate it.
"I was torn on whether to give this one three or four stars. My son really enjoys playing with it, even without really ever having seen the Dinosaur Train show. (He does have a Dinosaur Train iPad game.) ""Arnie"" is substantial in size and does lot of fun things, including rear up on his back legs and make quite a few noises. What he doesn't do that my son expected was actually walk on his own, but he quickly got used to that.The included bracelet isn't very effective or fun. I tried to show my son, 5, how to use it, per the instruction manual, but he quickly discarded in favor of hands on play. I don't think the extremely limited interaction possible is worth the cumbersome-ness of the implementation. And the fact that it often took several tries to get Arnie to react correctly didn't help. It's quite possible that as he plays with it more, and learns to bring out some of the more interactive elements using the ""watch,"" that will change.The biggest demerit for me is that you need the other toys in this set to use many of the features (see the ""InterAction"" part of the toy's title). Advertising that says it says ""80 phrases"" is a little misleading, when it doesn't do that without the other toys to interact with.But even with that quibble, this was a lot of fun for my son, though I do think it's over-priced for what you get."
