Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
The Mickey Mouse Farm Playset is fun but a little pricey in my opinion.  It includes Mickey and Minnie figures, three animals--a cow, a chicken, and a horse, and includes a wheelbarrow for doing the farm work.  My grandson loves it, so that's what matters to me.Pros:The music and phrases are cute.  My grandson, who is two,loves to hear the music and have Mickey and Minnie dance.He also loves to move the animals with the handy helper that he recognizes from the Mickey Mouse Clubhouse cartoon.The rounded animals are adorable and easy for toddlers to hold.Good for motor skills and learning cause and effect.Additions to the set are available, for a price of course:  Fisher-Price Disney's Mickey's Tractor Toss, Fisher-Price Disney's Donald's Combine and Fisher-Price Disney's Goofy's Chicken Truck.Cons:The packaging was ridiculous.  I felt I needed a chainsaw to remove the parts, so have some wire cutters handy.The roof isn't attached.  I can't tell you how many times my grandson has picked it up by the roof and had everything fall.The sound is pretty loud, but there's a toddler in my house, so I'm used to that.I'm afraid my grandson will become bored with it soon since there isn't much to do.  I wish there were more characters for the price.I'm also afraid the parts won't last long.  The handy helper arm seems flimsy. I'll update the review if anything falls apart soon.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.05785796046257019,0.05889127030968666,0.059096407145261765,0.05741000548005104,0.055203020572662354,0.056777067482471466,0.05075124651193619,0.055013787001371384,0.05548295006155968,0.05492556840181351,0.05204642191529274,0.05236015468835831,0.05554549768567085,0.05692000687122345,0.051659613847732544,0.05327325686812401,0.06240678206086159,0.05437897518277168
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
"A couple of years ago I bought my daughter the Fisher-Price Mickey Mouse Clubhouse playset, which I am sorry to say does not appear to be readily available anymore.  This Farm playset is, for her, the perfect companion.  The character figures work fine in both, and they function side-by-side to form a little ""town"" for Mickey and his pals.  My daughter, now approaching age five, really enjoys this Farm set, although I wonder how much fun it would be on its own without the additional extras she already had in her toy box.  She likes to incorporate her older Clubhouse figures and sets(a small see-saw and a small merry-go-round set, for example) into her farmyard playtime.  For maximum enjoyment, you might want to seek out an old Clubhouse playset or a few of its accessories on the secondary market if you cannot find them in stores or online.The Farm playset by itself, however, has quite a lot to it (much like the Clubhouse).  You get Mickey and Minnie figures - same size as their Clubhouse counterparts, just dressed in farm outfits -- plus a few small animals.  As with the Clubhouse, you can activate a few basic animations, turning a wind mill, playing music, and the like.  As with most Fisher-Price toys, it feels sturdy and durable.  My daughter's Clubhouse playset has received a lot of love over the past two years and still looks to be in great condition. I anticipate this Farm playset will receive the same kind of attention over time."
"My kids played with this for about 15 minutes and it hasn't moved again since then. It was a pain to get out of the box. I needed scissors and a lot of patience. The blue ""roof"" on the barn is not attached and it just falls off. My 2 year old could not get Mickey and Minnie onto the pegs where they could spin and dance. It has 4 phrases, two which have songs, so they got tired of that really quickly. Good thing since it's really quite loud and the speaker isn't in a place where I could put tape over it.The motion of putting the animal ball in the silo, raising it, dumping it into the hand which swings and drops them into the windmill is hard to get just right. We ended up throwing the animals around a lot. Then they decided that was more fun and they put them on the turntable and flung them around! I am concerned about the arm coming off. I found it intetesting that there were directions for reattaching it, as if the know it's going to come apart.I think that maybe my boys are just too old for the toys. I couldn't really find anything eductional about it beyond colors and animal sounds. Then again, it may not be intended for educational value."
"I just adore this toy. Both my sons love it, too. My 17 month old probably likes it a bit better than my 4 year old, though.This is like a barnyard square dancing event. In the center of the toy, there's an open barn. In that barn, on the floor, there's a circle that spins. There's 3 pegs that you can put Mickey, Minnie, and/or the animals. Then you pull a lever and they spin(""dance"") while the music plays. My favorite part is the hand feature. This set comes with 3 ball-shaped animals. You put one of the animals in the grain silo and lift it up. It automatically rolls into the hand, which then swings around depositing the animal into the windmill. It falls down making the windmill spin, and then rolls out. It's very cute and fun!I do have a couple minor complaints. One is the hand. Although I love it, it is a bit flimsy looking. I'm dreading the moment it breaks off. The way it's positioned, I really don't doubt that it will eventually come off. It's lasted so far, and THAT deserves a great deal of credit. Without it, this toy just won't be near as fun. To me, that's it ""wow"" effect. Also, the ""pinball"" effect of the toy doesn't always work. Sometimes the ball just doesn't line up properly, and we have to try again. The animal ""balls"" aren't perfectly round. Their facial features and all do stick out, so I'm sure this causes them to not line up every time.My 4 year old just didn't understand why Donald wasn't included. He kept asking for him, and I kept trying to explain that he wasn't at the party. (He's a good bit behind for an average 4 year old).Overall, we definitely recommend this toy!"
My two year old niece loves Disney characters so she was eager to give this playset a try.Likes:>Cute and familiar Disney characters Mickey,Minnie, and round farm animals.>Hours of playtime with activities such as transporting round animals from the Mickey-shaped silo to the windmill using the giant arm in a chain reaction; Mickey and Minnie dancing the hoe-down on a lever activated musical roundtable in the barn; a Mickey-shaped weather vane, farm animal sounds, and flexible/poseable Mickey and Minnie.>Some educational value in teaching kids hand-eye coordination and activating a simple chain reaction using a lever (see product video above).>Great for kids with good imagination to dream up different stories and scenarios.Dislikes:>It's holding up after a week of play but long term durability of the levers, spinning windmill, and other moving parts are unknown.>My cousin grimaced and purchased additional (sold separately) Disney figures and vehicles such asFisher-Price Disney's Mickey's Tractor Toss,Fisher-Price Disney's Donald's CombineandFisher-Price Disney's Goofy's Chicken Truckbecause my niece wanted to add more of Mickey's friends on the farm.>Average quality plastics.  The rough and uneven paints on the figures seem to be lower quality than other Fisher-Price Disney figures such asFisher-Price Disney's Jake and The Neverland Pirates: Jake, Izzy and Cubby and Jake, Hook and Croc Pirate Pack (Complete Set of 6 Figures).Overall:A fun and neat playset that will keep younger children amused for hours but long term durability is questionable.
The younger grandkids love it. It is a bit limited on options so it requires child imagination. It seems quite durable. I bought Fisher-Price toys for my own kids two generations ago, and they are still in use. As a former elementary teacher, I can't see much educational value, but what's wrong with just something for PLAYTIME? It's a TOY.The sturdy round animals (cow, horse, pig) can be raised one at a time up the silo (which has a swinging door) using Mickey's hand elevator. It rolls out onto another gloved Mickey hand on arm which automatically swings right to dump the animal into the windmill where it (sometimes) falls causing the blades to spin as the animal rolls onto the ground in front. A wheel borrow will also carry animals or characters singly, but is a solid piece (a safety feature for the very young.) Rooftop hen nest with Mickey weather vane is removable, vane movable._____The primary action/music/talking feature (battery operated) is the hoedown floor in the center where 3 characters can dance at once. A small lever extending out the front simply needs moved left for the action, music, and speech, which is random selections as well as random animal noises. It seems to only get boring for adults. I did not find it loud, since the children's' squeals were louder. That's a good sign._____The Cowboy Mickey and Minnie figures have legs that can fold forward to allow them to ride in the wheel borrow. My expectation is that in a few years, if the M&M; pair is kept pristine, they might be worth as much to Disney collectors as this entire set cost.With a little care, I can see my grandkid's children playing with this set 20 years from now.True, Grandpa had much delight playing with the kids. Yee-Ha!`
While this toy has some very cute features, it isn't super engaging. Children playing with it at my son's 3rd birthday liked the Disney characters (my son is a huge fan of Mickey Mouse Club House). The music was fun too.Overall, it was about an 'average' attention holding toy. Nothing great nothing bad. Just cute, simple and fun.
If your kids are as much of a Mickey Mouse Fanatic as my kids, they will LOVE the Fisher Price Mickey Mouse Farm Playset.  Mickey and Mikey can click into place in the barn, and when you slide a lever, they spin and sing!  Our 3 year old daughter loved hearing Mickey and Minnie talking and singing, and our son had a great time putting the farm animal balls in the many pockets, slides, glove hands, and other working pieces on the playset.Because it's Mickey and Minnie, many of the pieces can be played with toys you already own.  My kids have been using the characters with their block sets, taking them to bed with them, and having them fly off the bunk bed (apparently it's Mickey Farmer Skydiver with them).  The playset seems fairly durable - we'll see how it holds up against time.  In the meantime, highly recommended!
I've been really happy with this toy.  My two year old son recognized that it was the Mickey Mouse Clubhouse right out of the box.  What I liked is that it was relatively easy to unpack--except for the cabled in Mickey and Minnie figures.  There's a panel on the bottom of the box which you open first...undo those ties...and then you undo the ties on the back of the box.  Pretty easy.  Only thing that required scissors were the cables on Mickey/Minnie...everything else was easy to untie myself.This is mainly a non-battery operated toy, which is great.  Here's the basic idea:1) You put one of the chicken or cow ball shaped critters in the child-powered silo elevator and shut the door.  The child then lifts up the Mickey glove which moves the chicken/cow to the top.  It falls onto a giant Mickey hand which swings (from the weight of the ball) over to the windmill and drops them down the slot.3) Your child can then put the cow/chicken ball into a little wheelbarrow and wheel it back to the elevator.There is also a dance floor where you can put Farmer Mickey and Farmer Minnie on...and pull a level to make them dance.  This makes music start (battery driven).Lots of hours of fun.  It says fun animal sounds, but we haven't figured that out yet. :)Like with many toys, kids will cross them with other toys to create their own fun.  Our Mickey and Minnie drive our school bus... and the animals are passengers.  Mickey is also a fan of our Imagenext Bat Mobile.Oh...and if your kids are anything like mine, the older kids will want to pay with it too.  It's just a fun neat toy.  (I praise them for playing with their little brother, but you can tell that they're enjoying themselves.)
This toy was difficult to remove from the box.  While scissors or a knife can be used to cut all the ties loose...you really need an excellent pair or wire cutters as suggested by the manufacturer.  It took quite awhile to get through them all so I would suggest you do this when your child isn't watching.  My daughter was in tears because it took so long for her to be able to play with it.Once ready though, she loves the short musical and word clips that it plays.  She also likes holding mickey or minnie but especially the cow and chicken. I have found her giggling and dancing to the music often and carrying around the characters (she's 19 months).A word on the music though is this is louder than I'd like.  It only has an on or off volume so you don't get a choice on the volume.  I also wish they had made the windmill able to spin by moving the yellow area.  It's probably a matter of time before my daughter breaks them off as she tries to activate the windmill to spin directly rather than the blue lever below. Maybe older kids would use the lever technique to move the ball animals on the white hand over to the windmill but my daughter just watches if my husband or I activate the windmill spinning that way.Both my child and husband have picked this toy up by the top weather vane area that pops right off (although slides back in) so the toy falls on the floor.  I really think they should have made the toy all one part.Overall, I think it is a cute toy in need of a few minor adjustments however my daughter likes it anyway.
My 1 year old and 3 year old really enjoy this toy! It comes with Mickey and Minnie-who snap into the floor, which you can make spin and sing. The song isn't super loud or long-nice b/c when you hear toys over and over, it can get really annoying!  It also has 3 larger animal pieces that are shaped like eggs for little hands to grasp easily.  You put the little egg in the hand and it moves.  It's got a lot of fun moving parts and the size is perfect to use with the Little People animal sets we already had, which is always a plus! Overall, it's a very fun toy and would amuse any 1-3 year old for a good amount of time.
As expected, Fisher Price delivers on quality of material. The plastic is well made, thick, no problems. The Toy has good quality figurines, and the usual battery, sound on off etc (no volume control).The box was extremely frustrating to open and dismantle the toy. I had to shed tears of pain to do it, while my 4 year old daughter eagerly awaited. This is bad, I can understand why they do it for display shops, but for internet shopping, they need to go via amazon frustration free packaging. Docking a star for this.Mickey and Minnie are provided dressed up in farm attire. There is a spin wheel where you if you spin, plays farm tunes. The roof is kind of flimsily attached. There are few farm animals provided. Overall it works, the child will have fun, but I personally think the manufacturer missed out on a idea or a theme. There is something lacking for a toy which wants more than 40 dollars charged for it. My daughter is into mickey mouse, so she was very happy.I would say buy if below 30, for more than that, accept as a gift :)
"My daughter is big into Mickey (and Minnie), so she loves this. As one reviewer mentioned, it's a pain in the neck to get it out of the package. Plus, once all is said and done, the pieces just kind of sit there...that is, they don't ""snap"" together in any way. They're just numerous pieces to be played with at the same time. That's fine, but I'm sure many of the pieces will get lost/misplaced along the way. Generally, though, my daughter loves it, so that kind of speaks for itself."
With characters, parts, and pieces roughly the size ofFisher-Price Little PeopleorLEGO Duplo, this Mickey Mouse playset is perfectly scaled for two- and three-year-olds.  My youngest falls right between at 2 1/2, is an avid Mickey Mouse Clubhouse viewer, and was tickled by this farm set.The volume on the playset is very comparable to other Fisher-Price toys, so if you have the ubiquitousbusorairplanearound (and if you have little ones, I'd be shocked if you don't), then you're already accustomed to the din.  Like other F-P toys, the Mickey Mouse playset songs run 10 to 30 seconds, so they're not obnoxiously long, and you'll tune them out quickly (or just remove the battery - a fate that has befallen several other toys around here).While the characters are a good gripping size for a two-year-old, the dexterity required to accomplish the precise arm movement is a little more challenging.  Mine ended up grabbing the arm and trying to move it manually, and wasn't particularly keen on the level that spins the dance floor.  The pegs to hold toys upright are also a challenge at the youngest end, as they are in any comparable toy, but toddlers don't really care the orientation of their favorite characters and this proved no exception, as she packed the characters in horizontally for their hoe-down.In all, my toddler delighted in playing with her favorite characters and their pudgy pets in this playset.  Were she on the older end of the recommended 2-6yo age group I might worry about the durability of the pieces against a forceful five-year-old, but I also don't think there's much here over the age of four that would capture a child's attention long. Definitely best for the younger crowd.
"This is really a cute toy. Pull the lever on the bottom and Mickey & Minnie dance (only as the lever is  being pulled) and they giggle and talk while a barn dance type song plays. Spin the windmill by hand or let the animals do it (this is my favorite part of this toy! what kid doesn't love things that spin?) The little round animals remind me of weebles and they have such cheery little faces, sure to brighten a little one's day. The Minnie & Mickey figurines are about 3"" tall and can be removed to play with by themselves. Sweet, innocent fun."
This farm playset is a cute toy with fun features.  My daughter loves to move the elevator up and down over and over and turn the windmill again and again.  She is on the young side for this toy, but she is getting the hang of putting the chickens in the elevator and then watching to see what it does as they swing over and then activate the windmill.  I am more amused by its Rube Goldberg mechanisms than she is.  The little figures that come with it are your standard hard rubber toys.  They are supposed to dance around when you put them on their circles in the barn, but they usually just fly off once you start spinning.I'm giving it 4 stars because it's a cool concept and has fun features that allow it to be more than just a plain old barn.  However, the figures could be bigger and fit better on the dance floor part.  It could also be sturdier.
My three year old son and one year old daughter both really enjoy this toy.  It comes with Mickey and Minnie figures as well as three animals.  The animals can be put in the silo and transferred across by a moving hand into the windmill, causing it to turn.  My three year old especially enjoys that part of it, while my daughter prefers moving the lever which causes music to play and the characters to dance around on the spinning circle.  This is not a particularly large toy, so I am impressed with the play value.  There are only two negatives to this toy.  The top of the toy keeps coming off.  Since it looks like you can carry the toy by the top, the fact that it comes off seems like a bad design decision.  There really doesn't seem to be any good reason why the top should come off at all.  The second thing is that the animals are fairly heavy.  They probably need to be heavy in order for them to work in the mechanism that transfers them from one side of the toy to the other, but my son decided they they were balls (since they are round) and started to throw them around the room. As heavy as they are, they could definitely cause damage to other people and things if used as balls.Overall though, I am impressed with this toy. It is really cute and my children are having a lot of fun with it.
The Mickey Mouse Farm Playset is fun but a little pricey in my opinion.  It includes Mickey and Minnie figures, three animals--a cow, a chicken, and a horse, and includes a wheelbarrow for doing the farm work.  My grandson loves it, so that's what matters to me.Pros:The music and phrases are cute.  My grandson, who is two,loves to hear the music and have Mickey and Minnie dance.He also loves to move the animals with the handy helper that he recognizes from the Mickey Mouse Clubhouse cartoon.The rounded animals are adorable and easy for toddlers to hold.Good for motor skills and learning cause and effect.Additions to the set are available, for a price of course:  Fisher-Price Disney's Mickey's Tractor Toss, Fisher-Price Disney's Donald's Combine and Fisher-Price Disney's Goofy's Chicken Truck.Cons:The packaging was ridiculous.  I felt I needed a chainsaw to remove the parts, so have some wire cutters handy.The roof isn't attached.  I can't tell you how many times my grandson has picked it up by the roof and had everything fall.The sound is pretty loud, but there's a toddler in my house, so I'm used to that.I'm afraid my grandson will become bored with it soon since there isn't much to do.  I wish there were more characters for the price.I'm also afraid the parts won't last long.  The handy helper arm seems flimsy. I'll update the review if anything falls apart soon.
This Fisher-Price Disney's Mickey Mouse Farm Playset is definitely a colorful and really cute item! I have picked up a few items like this lately because I suddenly have a niece, nephew and Godchild, all of whom are under the age of 3. All seem to be enchanted with the figures and playing with the set. I think the 3 year old is more interested, but hard to gauge sometimes. At any rate, it's a delightful little farm set and us older kids like it too! Very nice set.
