Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
"OK...this is the 6th American Girl Doll craft I've gotten for my girls and frankly I'm not impressed. I was excited for this project because my daughter wanted a jewelry box. IT'S CARDBOARD. and not just cardboard, but flimsy & manufactured poorly...the drawers are crooked and don't ""flow."" It really isn't even practical. And the craft lasted about 30 min with my daughters spending more time trying to make the drawers work right. I gave it as many stars as I did because my girls liked it. These American girl crafts are way over priced for what you get. Shame that these crafts are respresentative of the company...I've been an American girl mom since I bought Samantha for my now 22 yr old daughter when she was young.Anyway...in short...at $33...don't buy this.If you can get it for under $10 ...go for it."

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.05180118978023529,0.05227600038051605,0.05223913863301277,0.04981982707977295,0.0529448539018631,0.05884469673037529,0.057931188493967056,0.0512273907661438,0.05248012766242027,0.05123401805758476,0.05485431104898453,0.05076887086033821,0.0513380728662014,0.04879992455244064,0.052826348692178726,0.05129852890968323,0.05269980803132057,0.0543648935854435,0.05225089192390442
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
My girls (6 yo and 8 yo) really were excited to get this drawer set.  I was surprised when it arrived--  While the kit included a lot of stickers to decorate with, the quality of the keeper cardboard was not what I expected for the price ($33).  Still, my girls loved decorating it.  The only tricky part was applying the stickers for the drawers.  You want to make sure that they are applied in a way that will fit the semicircle at the top.  If you line the drawer stickers up with the bottom of the drawers, they will end up uneven.  I wish the keeper had been made of plastic rather than cardboard.  If the price were half of the $33, I think it would be much more worth the price.  But, at $33, I don't think it's worth it.
This craft kit was put to the ultimate test - an 8 year old girl.  The decoration captivated her for hours and kept her out of the hair of her brother and friends who were having a sleep over.  Which is easier said than done.  I liked all the decoration options to personalize the drawers and it took a couple of hours to complete the whole project.The second thing that I am very happy to see is that it is still considered something of a keepsake a month later.  It does not seem to be a disposable craft project.  Although it is made of cardboard, I can see it being kept around and treasured for some time.The one problem I have is the price.  I got a free one to review, and it is nice but the current $32 list price seems a little steep for a cardboard craft kit.  But I would have felt satisfied it it were under $20.
"American Girl Crafts does a great job understanding their target audience. My 8-year-old daughter loved this organizer. It came packed with stickers, jewels, sparkling stickers, write-on puffy stickers, and all sorts of patterned covers for the drawers.The box stands about 12"" tall and has eight drawers. There are four double-wide drawers and four single width drawers. The colors, the design, the mixture of textures and mediums were all artfully done.The drawer sizes are great for elastics, headbands, hair clips and all kinds of small childhood ""treasures.""As a parent, however, I did not like the construction of the unit. It is made of cardboard and not wood. I doubt very much that this organizer is going to be durable over the long term. I would have been much more satisfied with a more durable construction of plastic or wood instead of cardboard.The drawers do not slide out very easily because they too are made of cardboard. My younger daughter (5) could not slide them out at all. My older daughter (8) had no problems with it.This is a fun Mommy and Me project for a rainy afternoon, and a nice way to encourage organization and cleanliness and order in your child's room. However, durability is an issue."
My daughter was looking for a way to organize her make-up and jewelry when we discovered this create way to complete her desired fun and fancy dream box. At 9 years old she was able to open and complete this crafting project in just under an hour. The cardboard set up is reinforced with adhesive paper and makes for a usable product (doesn't feel flimsy or cheap). She has opened and closed the drawers several times and it is holding up well. The personalization of the box made this project special for her and allowed for a creative way to organize. She would give this a four star rating only because she wished it came with more stickers (what little kiddo wouldn't want more stickers). I thought it had just the right amount and even came with additional drawer cover stickers in case you change your mind about how you want to label or make the drawer look. This is a great gift for any young girl who needs to keep little things organized without big expense. You could even make it a mom-and-daughter rainy-day craft project. Perfect for the American Girl Doll lover or novice.
This is my first American Girl craft and my 5 year old loves it.  Yes, I had to help her align the stickers and make suggestions on what to put where, but it ended up adorable.  The only thing that I wish was different was that the individual boxes were made of the same strong cardboard as the main box.  Will this jewelry box last forever? No.  But it's going to last a longtime in our house.
"OK...this is the 6th American Girl Doll craft I've gotten for my girls and frankly I'm not impressed. I was excited for this project because my daughter wanted a jewelry box. IT'S CARDBOARD. and not just cardboard, but flimsy & manufactured poorly...the drawers are crooked and don't ""flow."" It really isn't even practical. And the craft lasted about 30 min with my daughters spending more time trying to make the drawers work right. I gave it as many stars as I did because my girls liked it. These American girl crafts are way over priced for what you get. Shame that these crafts are respresentative of the company...I've been an American girl mom since I bought Samantha for my now 22 yr old daughter when she was young.Anyway...in short...at $33...don't buy this.If you can get it for under $10 ...go for it."
The moment we received this product in the mail, my daughter was taken with it. Unlike some reviewers, I was very impressed with the sturdiness of the product. It comes with loads of stickers of all kinds including three-dimensional ones, gems, foam squares, paper drawer liners, labels, to create a beautiful, personalized keepsake. There is an idea booklet but one look at all the supplies and your daughter will have no trouble diving in! The jewelry keeper has many potential uses for a young girl besides storing jewelry. Use it to house little collections (my daughter collects bottle caps, acorns, all kinds of little things), barrettes and hair ornaments, desk supplies, rubber stamps, Polly Pocket or other small dolls and clothes, or any number of things! Sometimes, arts and crafts kits lose their appeal once the project is over, but this is one that will offer lasting enjoyment and is genuinely attractive. And the set comes with more than enough decorative supplies to redecorate a couple of times over if desired. American Girl products are usually well thought out and of high quality, and this one does not disappoint.
so my daughter and i tackled on this craft project on a weekend bc it rained.  I was hoping it would have awhile to build this to kill time. My daughter is 6 and she had a blast building this.  I would say it took us about an hour to complete. She really liked the colors and thought it was very pretty.  After we set it up, she put her accessories in there.  So, it seemed to serve multiple purposes; kill time, have fun buildng, and you get to use what you built.  If you have a girl, she'll love this.
This is basically a well put-together cardboard box, ready for decorating. It comes with lots of stickers, stars, and faux jewels to decorate with. So, why do I rate this toy so highly if all it is is a cardboard box? Because my daughter had a blast decorating it. Kids always seem to love cardboard boxes for some reason and this is a great idea, albeit one that has been around for a long time. She now stores her american girl jewelry in it along with other small items.
"This is what I would call a two part gift.The first part of the gift is the obvious part:  they open it, they look at all the parts, they start putting it together.  Its fun.  It takes a while to get everything the way you want it.The second part is figuring out where you would put it in her room, and what would go in it.  If your kid is into organization, then, you know that the process of organizing is half the fun.  And it was a process for us.  She went through a lot of things in her room to figure out what would go in each little box.  Fortunately, she had not labelled the drawers until AFTER she filled them (ok, this idea came from Mom!).At the ~$30 price of this item, you can't really afford to make it and then throw it out in a month or two.  You really want to keep an eye on the creative process and make sure that everything is going the right way.  I guess my only big complaint is that for a ""few dollars more"" you can buy other organizational stuff at big stores like Ikea, and perhaps have something that will last longer.  But this is a craft that your daughter will enjoy doing.And if you don't mind spending ""a few dollars more"" you can use all sorts of other scrapbooking or stamping supplies that you might have anyway, and make it really nice.Do I recommend you buy it?  I think the value is only ""fair"".  If it tickles your fancy then by all means go ahead.  But if your daughter isn't into organizing then you might want to pass on it ... unless you can get it on sale."
I am usually a huge fan of all things American Girl.  My nearly 8 year old loves her doll and all the clothes.  And I have purchased several AG craft products for my wee one in the past, which have been fun and well priced.  But the AMERICAN GIRL CRAFTS CREATE AND CRAFT JEWELRY KEEPER just doesn't measure up to American Girl's normal high standards.When considering the  AMERICAN GIRL CRAFTS CREATE AND CRAFT JEWELRY KEEPER for my extremely crafty and creative child, I thought this looked fun.  And rather than jewelry, my daughter thought she could keep in it all the little doodads that come with American Girl doll outfits:  socks, shoes, bows, headbands, ribbons, etc.  However, the construction of the cardboard keeper is extremely poor and flimsy.  The frame is not too bad, but the drawers are ridiculous.  The are really nothing more than lightweight card stock, and are not at all plumb to the box.  They stick, making the child pull way to hard, and they rip easily.  So once you have decorated your box (and it does look pretty will all the sparkles and details), you have to treat it very gently.  My daughter is afraid to use it, because she does not want to damage it.So now you have a lovely decorated cardboard box that sits in a corner gathering dust.  Definitely not worth the rather exorbitant price, and definitely not up to normal AG high standards.  At this point, we will stick to using shoe boxes as storage.
This kit contains a set of decorative boxes that girls can make/decorate and then use to store small toys or craft items.  The drawers are small but sturdy.  They are big enough to organize small toys or beads or other craft items.There are lots of possibilities for decorating this project.  It came with quite a few stickers, some cardboard cutouts, labels, jewels, and pop up stickers.  The drawers can be removed for easy decorating.  Girls need to provide their own pens and glue.  There is also an idea book included.The boxes were easy to decorate but fun enough for my older daughter (age 13).  The stickers and decorations seem to stick well and be fairly durable.This was a fun and useful craft project.
"Great idea for a craft and sticker loving little American Girl fan.  Functional gift that's actually fun.  Suggest accompanying this with treasures to fill its bins.All the bits of craft paper and stickers, etc are cute, sweet, and whimsical.  Each child's piece can and will look unique---some of course will look better or worse than others.  Still, assembly is simple and undramatic.Would not pay full retail for this, although it's cute.  Its not the sturdiest little thing, and a similiar product could be created using bits of leftover craft supplies (this of course assumes you are a craftier and have such lying around, otherwise a ""kit"" is probably most reasonable).It lost one star for the combination of overpriced retail and lack of sturdiness as well as the distinct possibility that it could look really messy when its done by a child."
...Made out of cardboard type material.  I bought this because my daughter LOVES coloring and stickers.  However, I learned a hard lesson.  I have to remember to ALWAYS look at the intended age category.  The item is made for children over the age of 7.  My daughter is 3.5.  While she probably could have done it with Mommy's help, it definitely wouldn't have been an independent activity.I was rather surprised at the small size of it.  While it isn't teeny-tiny, it could be a little bit larger.  I know...they give you the measurement and it IS made for children's jewelry.  I still think it could be a little bit bigger.The decorations are as cute as a ladybug.  Everything is a sticker so there is NO dealing with glue.  Big thumbs up!  There are little gems which help give it pizzazz.  If you're a crafter you might find it fun by providing some extra bling.Instead of giving it to my daughter I decided to use it as a desk accessory at work (I teach gifted kindergarteners so they'll probably love it).I don't see why Amazon always asks about the educational value of the toys they sell.  Some are not intended to do any teaching but to merely supply a fun time.  I feel any girl, ages 6 and up, would simply enjoy decorating their very own jewelry box.  I would prefer that it be made out of hard plastic (and for over $30 it should be).I can't say I would pay that much for this item.  If money isn't an issue for you or pricing doesn't matter, then buy it.  It is a cute, fun-to-make item.
According to my 7 year old daughter, she loves the American Girl Crafts Keeper. It was easy and fun to put together and holds a lot of her American Girl Doll things, and she hopes they make more American Girl Doll products.It only takes a couple of minutes to put together and the drawers are cute. Not very sturdy and not very big, but again, this is for a girls dolls and you can store small accessories. You can also store their clothes in there as well. Looks like a home run. Especially if your daughter like to keep things organized.
This review is from the 10 year old product tester...This product was fun and easy to make. It has 8 drawers for you to decorate. It comes with a bunch of different stickers including puffy, 3-D, rhinestones and regular  stickers.It holds my jewelry and hair stuff. It's a good size for my dresser.
My 10-year old granddaughter is a crafter and loves American Girl so this craft keeper is perfect for her. The keeper is made of cardboard and comes fully assembled. At first I was disappointed in the cardboard material, but the keeper made it through a trip to California and back without being crushed. The cardboard keeper is quite sturdy. There are oodles of stickers and gems, plus sticker paper. The idea book provides some tips to get things started but once your little crafter gets busy she won't want to stop until she's finished. My granddaughter uses her craft keeper for her jewelry making supplies. She loves it. It's the perfect size with plenty of drawer space. And it's easy to store in her room. This is an easy, fun craft that makes a sturdy storage unit for those small crafting supplies.
I don't get any enjoyment criticizing a product. I really had hoped this product would be a fun craft project that would result in a useful organizer for my daughter's play jewelry, hair doodads, and other odds and ends. To be brief, it is poorly made. It is not up to the level of quality that I expect from American Girl. I can't recommend this product. I expect other reviewers will encounter better made versions; I can only report what I received, however.Though the organizer was packed well and shipped properly, the cardboard dividers of the main box were not all true (i.e. 90 degrees and straight). This made it very difficult to slide some of the drawers in and out. The paper wrapping for the main box was also poorly applied such that it was pulling off in a few areas, notably where the drawer tops rubbed the top of the cubby hole (again, making it difficult to use the drawers without repair). The drawers themselves are made of card stock and even for drawers that didn't have to contend with the above problems, they are a tight fit. Thus, the one functional element of the product barely works. It won't be long before all the pushing and pulling leads to ripped drawers.That said, the stickers, gems, and labels are of decent quality and provided about a 1/2 hour of craft fun. If that is all you want out of the product, than this will serve you well. If you expect it to function as a useful jewelry organizer, I don't recommend this product.
My kids love arts and crafts so my daughter was naturally excited to put this together.  I was worried before I opened it that it would be a little flimsy but was pleasantly surprised that the shelving unit was very sturdy. The decorations are very colorful and with so many to choose from there were endless possibilities.  It was easy enough to decorate - my daughter is almost 4 and just needed my help sticking the large background pieces.  The end result is a decorative, personalized cubby for her to put all her trinkets and hair accessories. I highly recommend this for any girl 4-10 years old. I will post photos.
