Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
My first thought upon seeing this set was of the Swedish Chef from the old Muppet Show's salad episode.  I had to google it just for laughs and I noticed that even he had a wooden salt and pepper shaker.  The rest of the salad set is just fine aside from the oil and vinegar bottles which are also cardboard.  My daughter has thoroughly enjoyed tossing and serving her stuffed animals a BPA, PVC, phthalates free salad.  If she happens to want to use real food all of the 100% recycled plastic items are dishwasher safe.  Only one plate is included along with the salad bowl but fortunately we have the plate and utensil set from Green Toys as well. I like to suppport this earth-friendly company because they make their products from recycled milk jugs and their plastic items have been durable thus far.  The overall concepts of healthy eating and imagination that this salad set encourages through play make it a good choice in my book.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.04713398590683937,0.04787350818514824,0.05194460228085518,0.049334269016981125,0.049924228340387344,0.05055826157331467,0.05171789601445198,0.05113761126995087,0.05253153294324875,0.050027478486299515,0.05297739431262016,0.051127202808856964,0.053285643458366394,0.04772520437836647,0.04734509810805321,0.04951999709010124,0.0506095252931118,0.04734775796532631,0.04593483358621597,0.05194396898150444
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
I'm so pleased with the quality of the bowl, utensils, and salad pieces. They are well made, sturdy pieces that are bigger than most food toys. And the fact that they are made from recycled plastics that are BPA free is a huge plus. One of the main reasons that I chose this product was for the salt & pepper and oil & vinegar pieces. Unfortunately, those are made from cardboard and they will not survive for very long with my 4 year old and 1 year old. If these pieces had been made with the same quality plastic as the rest, I would have given this toy 5 stars. As long as you know exactly what to expect then you won't be disappointed.
"I chose this salad set to go with theFisher-Price Servin' Surprises Kitchen & Table. My granddaughter is six, and Loves cooking and making meals for us. These pieces are a very good size for small hands, but it  only has one plate along with the salad bowl, so it is not a ""stand alone"" product. Your child will need additional dishes as well as silverware to really utilize this set. Fortunately, we have just the right size in her play set. If you don't, you might want to contribute two saucers and salad forks. The pieces are food grade and will go safely in the dishwasher.These have a bump in the center to allow them to stack nicely. While this permits them (I think) to interact with other Green Toys, perhaps the sandwich shop, they are rather strange in a tossed salad.In addition, the included condiments are cardboard, somewhat of a disappointment. We are replacing them with carefully washed salad dressing bottles and a real plastic salt and pepper set, which adds more realism.I like the fact that the vegetables are ""cut up,"" instead of whole (like many of the food toys you purchase), and they are very realistic. Our granddaughter immediately tossed the salad and placed the vegetables on a plate, naming all of them. Her only mistake was calling the cucumbers pickles, but that's what they looked like to her.She will likely come back to then when she is in a cooking mood, I'm sure they will show up the next time she bakes pizza for all of us, but for now she is more interested in playing with her doll. I'm not sure I would pay full price for the limited use of a salad, since there isn't much to do with it once you are done."
This set just made me scratch my head when I opened it.  It comes with very durable, dishwasher safe utensils plus a plate and a bowl.  The salad pieces are also good, sturdy plastic.  The salt, pepper, oil and vinegar are cheap paperboard that you have to figure out how to fold together with no tab A into slot B type instructions.  I folded the things up knowing they wouldn't last.  They were trashed less than 48 hours later.  All it takes is for a kid to step on it.  I don't understand why anyone would offer a toy with such uneven quality.  The kids have gotten bored with the salad now that they don't have seasonings and a second plate would have made this much better, too.  What kid wants to picnic by himself?
My daughter is 3 1/2 and had played with this set so much...I don't eat salad, and had ate so much since this set arrived...She had a blast!
This goes well with any toy kitchen. The plastic is sturdy and can withstand my kids throwing it around. I can't imagine what could break this stuff. It's stylish and fun to play with. It's also a decent amount of stuff for the price.
Within 2 minutes of  putting together the little cardboard items of the oil, pepper, and salt, it became shreded confetti in the hands of my twin toddlers. I'm not sure why those items were cardboard in the first place, it would make more sense to make them plastic like rest of the stuff. I can't recommend this item to young children since they tore up it so quickly then commenced to eat the paper bits.As for the actualy salad toys, bowl, plate, and sald mixings they did enjoy playing w/ it but they also would have been happy w/ any bowl and utensils already in your pantry, with whatever thrown in their bowl.I would definitely never purchase this project nor would I recommend.
"The food set was ADORABLE. Mommy loved the condiments (didn't expect those), and the small one loved the bowl and spoon. He throws the food into the bowl and ""stirs"" like crazy. This would also be a great gift for a child under two, as the pieces are chunky enough to allow chewing without the danger of choking. My favorite was definitely the salad set!"
Ahhh... children's playfood, I've been buying it for almost 9yrs in different forms for my 2 daughters. My rule is that it has to be cute, safe, and durable. Originally I bought a ton of wooden playfood, it was certainly cute and safe but I didn't realize just how easily it was to chip the paint & dent the pieces. Then I tried felt playfood, again the cute factor was there and it was safe enough but felt/fabric can be torn, or picks up fuzzies and isn't easily washed. I even crocheted some myself but it has the same issues as the felt did. Plastic is generally my least favorite for toys, sure it can outlast my great great grandchildren but I question what its made of... thankfully this set is the exception.Proudly made in the USA, free of BPA, Phthalates, & PVC. FDA approved for food contact & dishwasher safe. All excellent things for playfood, it's also very cute. So why not 5 stars you ask? Well this is partly my fault, I didn't realize when looking at the photo that the salt/pepper & dressing bottles were cardboard. For my older daughter this is fine, but for my 2.5yr old and her little friends these will last maybe one playdate. I really wish they would have included maybe only one plastic dressing container and skipped the rest entirely if cost was an issue. I'd also have loved for a fork, or even better 2 plates and 2 forks but that's not a deal breaker since most people have a surplus of those with playfood sets anyways.All in all an excellent set that my girls will enjoy for years to come!
"First of all, I have to say how much I love the toy because it allows my 3 year old to ""cook"" without getting in the way in the kitchen.  She's had a blast with it, and she's up to speed on all the different salad vegetables now.  The vegetables and utensils are rugged, easy to clean, and clearly molded so that kids can actually recognize them.  It's one of the few toys that I've actually seen engross her for any period of time.Now on the other hand, I feel compelled to mention that the condiments (vinegar, oil, salt, and pepper) are all actually made of cardboard (you have to build them yourself).  Our 18 month old has decimated them, so alas our salad's not going to be well-dressed.I still rate the set really high, just be aware of the lack of permanence that the condiments hold.  I'd recommend all of the Green Toys line (we've had several toys and not one of them even looks close to worn out)."
This 20-piece, mostly plastic salad playset includes a plastic serving bowl, 2 serving utensils, but only one plate.  The plastic salad elements include lettuce leaves, cucumbers, tomatoes, red peppers, onions, and mushrooms.  These pieces are realistic in appearance, sturdy, and stackable.  The other pieces (salt, pepper, oil, vinegar) are cardboard, hard to put together, and tear easily.  Nice set except for the cardboard pieces.
"As Homer Simpson said - ""You don't win friends with salad!"", but with Green Toys, you'll at least have fun playing with salad.  This set includes a bowl, a plate, serving (tossing) utensils, and a whole bunch of oreo sized salad pieces.  I didn't think the kids would be all too impressed with the salad set, however I found them happily tossing salads, serving them up on the plate, cooking the vegetables in their existing cookware pots, and generally having a good time pretending that they were making a great meal.  In terns of quality, Green Toys is up there with Melissa and Doug - and because it's not wooden, and made from recycled milk jugs, there will be no chipping of paint or dents made in the toys (something that almost all of our Melissa and Doug toys have!).The biggest grip I have about this set is the cardboard bottles and salt and pepper shakers.  I'm not sure why Green Toys didn't just exclude them from the photo, as many people would presume that they were also plastic and included.  I guess you could say they didn't include those bottles, as from the item description, it's a 16 piece set...if you count everything up, the bottles are not included in the count.  That said, those cardboard extras won't last long, unless you got really gentle kids who never accidentally get things wet, sit on things, squeeze things too hard, etc (and if you do, congratulations).All in all, the Green Toys Salad Set is a fun toy.  It's a great addition to any kid's toy kitchen set."
The kids love playing with this salad toy set, they're under 5.  They make salads, serves them to daddy and then uses the salt and pepper to finish it off.  It's so funny. This is a really cute little set and goes well with the Sesame Street stove and sink because then they wash the dishes afterward.
My first thought upon seeing this set was of the Swedish Chef from the old Muppet Show's salad episode.  I had to google it just for laughs and I noticed that even he had a wooden salt and pepper shaker.  The rest of the salad set is just fine aside from the oil and vinegar bottles which are also cardboard.  My daughter has thoroughly enjoyed tossing and serving her stuffed animals a BPA, PVC, phthalates free salad.  If she happens to want to use real food all of the 100% recycled plastic items are dishwasher safe.  Only one plate is included along with the salad bowl but fortunately we have the plate and utensil set from Green Toys as well. I like to suppport this earth-friendly company because they make their products from recycled milk jugs and their plastic items have been durable thus far.  The overall concepts of healthy eating and imagination that this salad set encourages through play make it a good choice in my book.
My 5 year old daughter (and even her two older brothers) were excited to see this and play with this in her play kitchen.  We have the Green Toys tea set, which we like--and a few other Green Toys cars/trucks.  Most of our kitchen stuff has been Melissa & Doug.  You can't beat the nice wooden fruits and veggies, dishes, etc.The plastic salad bowl, plate, and food are all nice.  Still, I think I prefer Melissa & Doug. ( Especially theMelissa & Doug Cutting Food Box.  I don't know if it's just the nice feel of the wood or what not.What I can't understand is why the Green Toys people gave you four items which are made out of cardboard.  They have a life of what? two hours?  The salt and pepper are a pain to fold--and didn't last a day in our house.  Same with the oil and vinegar (although they looked nice until squished.)  So basically, it's not a 16 piece salad set, but a 12 piece salad set IMHO.My initial impulse would be to give it three stars, but as my daughter really loves playing with it, I'm upping it one.
I've always enjoyed green toys and I like that they come from recycled milk jugs. When this set arrived my kids instantly wanted to play with it so we opened it up and took everything out. I was a little put off by the fact that the salt pepper olive oil and vinegar were put together yourself cardboard since I was really hoping it was all going to be plastic. The cardboard always gets torn up and tossed or lost, now I had no problem putting together the salt and pepper but for the oil and vinegar you have to remember to fold the one pieces up like a real bottle. I also found go the if you put glue on the tops of the bottles after you put them together they stay together a lot better! There are no pictures to help you out or instructions, I guess anyone should be able to figure it out but hey no one is perfect.Overall this is a great addition to our play kitchen,fun for the kids, good for the environment and that's awesome!
I am thrilled with the weight, feel and quality of the salad itself, the bowl, plate and spoons. However, I hadn't realized when I ordered it that the vinegar, oil, salt and pepper shakers were all made of cardboard and have to be assembled and taped together. Poor quality. I can say from experience that nothing made of cardboard lasts long when children are using it.  It is a very nice set, and my kids are enjoying it, but I feel the price is a bit high. I would have paid maybe around $10 for the bowl, plate and salad items, not $15. The cardboard was a big disappointment. I'm rather certain the company could have also fashioned those items from plastic for a few additional pennies of their own cost and created something more durable.
My 2-year-old has a lot of play food and related items for her play kitchen including theGreen Toys Dish Setwhich is one of the highest quality playsets I've ever seen. It set the bar for us regarding play food/dishes and made our other sets (painted wood) look really pathetic. I've even tossed them on the top rack of my dishwasher when daddy decided to give her soda in the tea cups. [insert motherly facepalming here]All that to say that if you're going to buy toys that can hold up to some serious beatings look no further than Green Toys. We chose this set because it's so different from anything out there. It's a clever/sneaky way to encourage healthy eating through play. The vinager, olive oil, salt, and pepper items are all light cardboard and require folding to put together which is a little confusing. They didn't hold up well either, which is why I only rated the durability a 3 (otherwise it'd get a 5). Within 3 days the pepper was completely ripped apart and the vinegar had been crushed a few times requiring popping back into tabs and such. Otherwise the plastic parts have all survived just fine. If you're giving these to a younger kid like mine you may want to tuck those away for adult supervised playtime so they don't suffer the roughness of a toddler.As a bit of an aside we've actually come up with an additional game to play with the veggies/fruits. My little one loves math and is learning counting so we've been practicing first counting how many of each item there are, then counting how many 'greens', 'reds', and 'whites' there are, and then laying them out to form patterns (ie. lettuce, cucumbers, tomato, lettuce, cucumbers, 'now what comes next?'). There aren't too many to confuse her and she's learning as we play.TheGreen Toys 16 Piece Salad Setis well made, Earth-friendly (visit the Green Toys website to learn all about it), made in the U.S.A., and is so attractive. A definite recommendation from us if you want a great play set for your play kitchen.
"This faux food set is nice, with some details that make it really stand out. One of them is that the plastic food pieces are able to be stacked together due to a raised section in the center of each. The salad can be a ""tossed"" salad, or the pieces can be stacked as they would be in a sandwich (though no bread is included in this set). Another special feature is that the pieces can be used with real food--such as putting a real salad in the bowl or on the plate--and can be cleaned in the dishwasher.The recycled plastic used in the construction is really interesting. The texture is similar to that of a plastic milk bottle--that sort of mottled feeling, but it's much thicker. Unfortunately, the plastic is super-slippery, so it's really tough to pick up the salad with the included utensils and use them in play, other than for ""tossing"" the salad.I was going to remove one star from the rating because the salt, pepper, olive oil, and vinegar containers are thin cardboard. Not corrugated, but more similar in thickness to cardstock. These aren't dishwasher or food safe and are likely to be ruined quickly. They're put together cleverly and are cute, but the cardboard parts aren't going to be lasting toys. I *didn't* remove a star because Green Toys doesn't even count these cardboard pieces in their total (16 piece set)--they're extras!"
Green Toys' kitchen accessories are among our favorites for a few reasons. First, they come with a fair number of pieces for the price. This set comes with a salad bowl, plate, serving utensils, salad/veggie pieces and four cardboard salad condiments (oil, vinegar, salt and pepper). Second, the toys are very durable and don't attract dust/stuff like some felt food pieces or especially play food with velcro. This set was met with much enthusiasm and my son has been making salads for everyone ever since we gave it to him. This and his Green Toys Pizza set are his favorites right now, though the Melissa & Doug brownie set comes a close third. Overall a great set. The only drawback (which isn't one in our case) is that younger kids might accidentally smash the cardboard condiments. We haven't had any issues with this at all, but I can see it happening if some zealous salad making was going on. :)
"My students love this - I guess many of them eat salad at home because when I put it into our classroom kitchen, they knew exactly what it was!  They sure haven't been gentle with it, either.  It's withstanding a whole classroom of 3-5 year olds & how they play.  I  personally like the ""feel"" of the bowl & my students seem to like it too - since that's the first dish they take out to eat out of.  One of them served me 5 pieces of pizza and a cheese sandwich in it last week for a snack!  It holds a lot.  We are also able to label all the different salad ingredients (which is great for practicing language!)  I did, however, not put together (fold) the ""oil/dressing bottles"" as anything made out of cardboard does NOT hold up at all in my classroom - sure wish they had made these plastic too!  All-in-all, a great toy!  I hope this company decides to make a whole set of dishes & silverware, because I will buy ""those puppies in a heartbeat""!"
