Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
I plan to put this on the 'stocking stuffer' list for Christmas gifts this year. What a great idea! This fun toy works with iPod Touch, iPhone 3G, iPhone 4 and Android. You must download a free game, which is easily done. The gyroscopic steering isn't overly touchy. You'll be the envy of people sitting next to you in a traffic jam because you'll be the only one smiling as you play with this, waiting for traffic to move. It would also be great for a traveler who perhaps has to sit on a bus/plane/train for a while and needs something to do (a book doesn't work if you're hoping the person next to you doesn't start a long, boring conversation). I'm not sure how really experienced gamers would like it, the game downloaded might not be enough of a challenge for them. It's great for an average gamer like myself and my grandchildren.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.06247786432504654,0.0625050812959671,0.0614040270447731,0.06433459371328354,0.06219931319355965,0.062037643045186996,0.06352470815181732,0.06354167312383652,0.06348910927772522,0.06357129663228989,0.06176244467496872,0.06071466952562332,0.059822652488946915,0.06284274905920029,0.0626906156539917,0.06308159977197647
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
I am only slightly impressed with AppFinity's AppDrive.  This third-party peripheral is well built.  The box comes with an instruction manual, the wheel, a device holder and foam inserts.The AppDrive is the size of a Wii Wheel, and holds any iPod/iPhone/Android phone securely in the middle of it.  The grips on the side of the wheel are rubberized and conform to your fingers.  The plastic wheel is lightweight but sturdy.  It has four trigger buttons for your trigger fingers and thumbs.  However, a big downside to this controller is that the middle part of the device holder where the buttons interface with the device covers 1/4 of the screen.  Any game you play is then only able to be viewed with 3/4 the screen.  This is a pretty big detractor for me.The AppDrive does not come with any games.  According to the instructions, you can download 2XL MX Offroad from the App Store or through Android Market.  However, this game is the lite version and isn't the full version.  It gets about 3.5 stars from the App Store--after playing it, I know why.  It is an offroad racing game with ATVs, but cannot be beaten and often crashes.  Worse yet, the four trigger buttons don't work with this game.Another issue with this controller is that all additional games made by AppDrive cost $$$.  Not sure that I want to get any of them after playing 2XL MX Offroad--it would've been great if they gave their best one to you for free, so you'd want to come back and buy more.  But that's not the business model AppFinity chose to use.I'm not sure if this peripheral works with any other driving games.  I don't play a lot of those, but I'm not willing to try any more of AppFinity's games to test the AppDrive.Overall, the AppDrive is a solid controller, but has some definite detractors.  I don't recommend this for your casual gamers, and hesitate to recommend it to anyone who likes driving games.
After the AppBlaster and the AppFishing, here comes the AppDrive.  Last year, when we reviewed the AppBlaster, my husband was quite impressed with the possibilities of the blaster and the games.  Since then we have discovered new products from AppToys which are distributed through SpinMaster.  I tried the AppDrive, while everyone else were busy with other things in the house on Sunday afternoon.  I must admit that I always was challenged with driving games and I think I will always be challenged with them.  Somehow, it looks as though I prefer the off the road trips...  Nevertheless, I have a good understanding on how the game works and how the AppDrive will help the player to enjoy his ride.Essentially, the AppDrive is a device that looks like a wheel and your challenge is to drive whatever vehicle the game you have selected will offer.  You can insert an iPhone, iPod or an android device inside the wheel to play the game.  Check the box to make sure that your device is supported with it.Once you start the game,you are in for a ride!  The game I tried was 2XL MX Offroad which is a game with a four-wheeler that you need to control.  As I mentioned before, I am not gifted with this type of games on the iPod.  However, I enjoyed the graphics and the fact that I could control the four-wheeler myself.  You also have the possibility of choosing the vehicle and the driver.  You can go backward or forward as well as control the direction of the vehicle.  If you hit a tree your drive will be ejected and thrown in the air.  Sometimes,my drive also got squished under the vehicle itself.  But there was no blood whatsoever in the game which is great if you ask me.  I would have no hesitation whatsoever to let my kids play with it.Even though I am more challenge than my kids would be for this sort of game, I have enjoyed driving my four-wheeler and explore the surroundings.  Did I made any jump?  No as I quickly got lost in the woods...  Did I hit some trees?  You bet.  But I am willing to persevere and become better - though I suspect that I am better an puzzle games and quest types of games...Asphalt 7 and 2XL MX Offroad are free apps that can be downloaded anytime via iTunes.  Other apps that will work with the AppDrive are 2XL Supercross HD, Ricky Carmichael's Motocross Matchup Pro, and the 2XL Trophylite Rally HD.The AppDrive will provide tons of fun for anyone who love driving games.  The fact that it simulates a wheel makes it even more interesting.  It would be a great birthday or Christmas gift for someone who likes this sort of games and owns a device that is supported.
The AppDrive gives you the feeling of playing racing games as if you were controlling a steering wheel.  There are two buttons and two paddles that can be pressed/pulled, which I guess depending on the game would be of some use.  You can download a free game on the Android market and it was fun for a while.  But, I am not sure how many games can be used with the AppDrive.In terms of installation, I used the AppDrive on a Motorola Atrix and putting on the AppDrive was easy and taking it off was also a snap.I can see the appeal that the AppDrive has in terms of enhancing your gaming experience on a smartphone.  At least the concept makes sense to me.  However, I don't think I will be bringing something like this around when I go out, so I'm not going to be able to use it when I am outside.  When I'm at home and want to play games, I'd rather play games on my PS3 or Wii.  So, I'm not completely sure what the market for the AppDrive is.
I plan to put this on the 'stocking stuffer' list for Christmas gifts this year. What a great idea! This fun toy works with iPod Touch, iPhone 3G, iPhone 4 and Android. You must download a free game, which is easily done. The gyroscopic steering isn't overly touchy. You'll be the envy of people sitting next to you in a traffic jam because you'll be the only one smiling as you play with this, waiting for traffic to move. It would also be great for a traveler who perhaps has to sit on a bus/plane/train for a while and needs something to do (a book doesn't work if you're hoping the person next to you doesn't start a long, boring conversation). I'm not sure how really experienced gamers would like it, the game downloaded might not be enough of a challenge for them. It's great for an average gamer like myself and my grandchildren.
"The Appfinity AppDrive definitely enhances your gaming experience as the Ultimate App driving experience.I downloaded the free ""2XL MX Offroad"" app from my iPhone 4 App Store and in minutes I was enjoying the races.  The AppDrive was very easy to assemble once I removed the protective casing from my iPhone 4.  It is big enough that my large hands can wrap around its wheel and activate any of its 4 control buttons.My 2 years old grandson took it and with very simple instructions from me was almost immediately able to walk around the room driving his `2XL MX Offroad' with the ""AppDrive"".  A few minutes later he learned to use the reverse button to get out of trouble.  I think it could keep him entertained for up to an hour, long enough to keep him out of trouble while waiting for an appointment.The App drive has the APPFINITY logo covering the top portion of your device screen, and this can affect your gaming experience because it covers the timer and part of the race track at times.  Additionally, if you intend to use your phone with the AppDriver please note that you might need to use the speakerphone.  I received an incoming call and placed the AppDrive to the side of my face to talk and even my grandson thought it was too funny.  Your telephone volume control and other control buttons are not accessible within the AppDrive wheel.Overall, it is a very good tool to enhance your racing type gaming experience, but I would not want to constantly be removing my phone from its Otterbox case."
Inspiration from the versatility of Wii and the like?  But really, who wants to use their iPhone in this manner?  Simply not very functional and poor apps involved.  True, I do play a lot of games on my iPhone, but this attachment is simply inconvenient.
There're several reasons why I rate this one star only.  Foremost, however, is that this thing made me drop my iPod touch.  With an iPod touch or iPhone, you're to put it in a plastic insert plate, and then put the plate with the iOS device into the slot on the wheel. But neither the insert plate nor the back bracket of the wheel holds your iOS device in place. I didn't know this so as I was fumbling with the difficult setup process, I accidentally dropped my iPod touch when I turned the wheel over to lock the back bracket. The enclosed instructions are very poorly written, too. Luckily, I was standing on my rug so it seems my iPod touch is ok.  We'll have to see.There are only 4 game apps that're compatible with this wheel -- and you can *ONLY* use those apps. One is free but is of the most basic and laughable quality in gameplay and graphics; it gets just 2 stars from its users. Another game costs 99 cents, while the remaining two cost $4.99 apiece (and have no reviews).  I just played with the free game and like I said, it's so laughably simple and crude it's not even funny.The back bracket, which locks in place to secure the iOS device (if you haven't dropped it yet), is also rather poorly made.  I had some trouble closing it completely so I could lock it.  I really did NOT have a good time using this product.
"My 7-year-old is a huge fan of driving games, especially ones for the Wii that utilize the steering wheel accessory as they feel more realistic. I naturally thought the AppDrive would elicit the same excitement and initially it did. The unit is well built and sturdy and the iPod / iPhone cradles work just as intended. It was all very simple to get started right away without even looking at the directions as the cradle is imprinted with ""iPod"" or ""iPhone"" on either side so you know which one to use. Once the iPhone was in place, we went to start up the game and realized immediately that we should have started the game before putting the iPhone in the AppDrive. The thick frame of the AppDrive made it nearly impossible to select the game of choice as it happened to be on the very edge of the screen and mostly covered by the area of the frame where the buttons are housed. This was more than slightly annoying and more difficult than it should have been. Once we got the game started, it was mostly smooth sailing although the buttons didn't always respond and the upper part of the frame (again, where the buttons are housed) covered up vital information such as the mini map, race placement, time remaining, etc. In the case of Asphalt 7, you are pretty much driving blind, not knowing where the turns are, where the other cars are or even what place you're in. The buttons added a little bit of fun to the gameplay because they do usually work, but when they don't it's very frustrating. Timing is extremely important in racing games and if you miss that critical boost or drift, you may have just lost the race. An accessory like this should enhance gameplay, not hinder it. That said, the feel of the steering wheel was new and fun for a while but the annoyances quickly overrode any fun factor. Had they forgone the external buttons and just made a steering wheel that doesn't cover the screen and charged a little less for the unit, I could see it being more enjoyable. However, given the fact that the screen needs to be touched as a regular part of gameplay, the steering wheel would make this difficult if not impossible, therefore defeating the entire purpose of the steering wheel. It's a very cool idea that was unfortunately poorly executed. We will check back when/if they redesign the product."
It was just okay. It didn't hold the attention of any one in my family after about a week. Not really worth the investment. Graphics were okay. Functionality was just okay.
"The design of this controller is simply genius.  Rather than having it plug into the headphone jack or the data port, this doesn't plug into anywhere.  The result is no drivers of any kind to make it work.  What it does is it has four levers that push on the screen, so when you press the lever to accelerate, the device presses the screen in the right place to make you accelerate.  You tilt to steer, and so forth.  The device fits an iPhone 4S, 4, or iPod Touch perfectly.Unfortunately, this is also where there are some problems.  It only works with a few apps.  That is to be expected, but still disappointing.  Second, it only works with certain versions of those apps.  Search the ""2XL"" apps to see which ones it works with.  If you use the AppDrive version, you have to have the APPDrive to play.  Like most mobile gamers, I like to play whenever and wherever I happen to be.  I always have my iPhone with me, but I don't have the AppDrive with me.  If I could play the same game with or without the AppDrive, this would be OK, but you cannot.  For comparison purposes, I tried 2XL motocross non-AppDrive version to see if the game was significantly enhanced by the AppDrive.  Simply put, it wasn't.  So, if you really like the five or so games supported, and you hate virtual controls, and you play at home most of the time, this is a really great peripheral.  If not, you might give this one a pass."
"The ""AppDrive"" is basically a steering wheel to lock your iPhone/iTouch into and steer with.  The interesting draw being that you could do more things with the buttons and have greater control over steering.  A prerequisite would be that there are apps you can use this steering wheel with.  Since you are paying for the wheel, you might expect the ""free app"" available to download to be pretty good.  After all, you just got a piece of additional hardware specifically for this game.  But alas, the game is rudimentary at best.  There are apps for a cost ($4.99), but I will not be paying for a game based on the rest of my comments below...Another knock is around the way the wheel works.  Pressing one of the four buttons causes pads to drop onto the screen to effectively touch the screen for you while your hands remain on the wheel.  This overlapping part of the wheel blocks the top 10-15% (I'm approximating!) of an already too small screen.  It's hard to follow the on-screen action.I was impressed with the quality of the wheel design and the secure lock in feature for your iTouch or iPhone (I tried both).  There are extra thin foam cushions to ensure a snug fit.  But this is all wasted since the screen size and gameplay are less than expected.A good idea (having four buttons to use while driving), but not a very practical execution (screen blockage and lame game)."
"The App Drive works with most Android or Apple phones (4s, 4 3gs, ipod touch 4th generation, and some Android devices with screens under 4.3 inches) You have to download a free App to operate the games. To check for compatibility with your device you can go on [...]. It is in the shape of a race car steering wheel and you can play games where you are driving just about anything. It has shifters, control buttons, a rubberized grip, and a bracket for your Android or apple device. It is very portable and tons of fun. It is great for a road trip,  or when you know there will be a lot of down time or wait time for children. The only problem is getting my husband to not take it away from the kids to ""show them how it works""! I guess boys will be boys."
Now this is pretty cool. The way the game device attaches to an iphone or itouch does get in the way of things you need to see on the screen a bit during game play. And definitely an adult would have to set up apps for a child before attaching it to the wheel. As far as durability goes it's only been about a week so I'm not too sure yet. I'll update in one month and let everyone know how it faired. But; all in all a good Christmas or birthday gift.
I really like the idea of this wheel but it just has too many faults.  First of all it's a pain to put your device (we use and iPod Touch) into the wheel.  When the iPod is in the wheel there's now way to adjust the volume so we have to try and remember to adjust it prior to inserting it.When I installed the app that goes with this, it happened to put it on the right side of my screen which ended up being at the top of the wheel when the iPod is inserted.  The way the wheel is designed made it impossible to touch the app to get it to load.  We quickly realized that we could just press one of the buttons on the wheel to get it to click on the app but it just doesn't seem that this was well thought out.Due to the way the wheel is designed, a good portion of the screen is covered making the screen that much smaller and it interferes with game play.  I think if the buttons had been designed to go the right and left side of the screen rather than at the top it wouldn't have been so bad.The app itself isn't bad and you can pay for additional games if you choose but it wasn't good enough to make this item fun for too long.Overall I think the idea was great but I think it'd be better served with a larger device like an iPad or something where you can see more of the screen.
My kids really enjoy playing this game. You do have to download a (FREE!) game to use with it, and my fear was that the game would be a second rate one. Not true at all, the game itself is also very fun. My two youngest kids were fighting over this the first couple hours. It works with all the iPhone up to the iPhone 5.The unit feels very durable, and the buttons are each to use. It feels like a well made toy, unlike some of the various Wii devises that always broke.Putting the iPhone (Or iPod Touch!) in the unit is very simple, but still secure so you don't have to fear that you VERY expensive iPhone will fly out of the thing while your kids are playing with it.Overall, I really like this. Good price, good fun, good product. Well done!
AppFinity - AppDriveFirst BE AWARE this is not a game in and of itself.  This is merely a holder for your iPhone or select Android phones.  It does not do anything by itself.  The box claims there is a free app at the Apple store of Android store.  Since I don't have an iPhone I have no idea if there is an app at the Apple store.  I did not find any free app at the Google Android Store.  There was one called 2XL MX Offroad that once loaded immediately brought up a screen requesting a $4.99 payment.  Oddly enough I don't find that FREE.  I uninstalled the app and put the AppDrive back in the box.  Admittedly $4.99 is very inexpensive for a computer game but not so much for a phone app.  This AppDrive retails for $38.00.  I guess if  you have money to burn you might want to try it and maybe iPhones have readily accessible apps but Android certainly does not.  On the bright side the steering wheel has a nice feel to it and the levers that push your phone screen seem well made. It appears to be very durable but without any apps I can't verify that.  I don't feel that is enough to give it a positive recommendation.
