Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
I had a set almost identical to this growing up so needless to say, it brought up some fond memories. The parts are small but I don't see any problems with a 2 yr to play with this as we had our 2 yr old nephew and his 5 yr old brother playing with this. The 2 yr old loves loves playing with little hot wheels and while yes, this is a bit smaller, he doesn't put them in his mouth so we personally felt okay to let him play with it (supervised) While the mat was fun for a while, they both decided to take the vehicles off the mat to play on the carpet and walls, oh and the table. It's entertaining but the mat doesn't keep them occupied long enough.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.03716794028878212,0.03738768771290779,0.0372946560382843,0.036397386342287064,0.03515486419200897,0.036509886384010315,0.03666985407471657,0.03748875856399536,0.037527233362197876,0.03771984577178955,0.03794104978442192,0.03743579611182213,0.03781532496213913,0.03723921999335289,0.03652969002723694,0.039144083857536316,0.036545734852552414,0.038869235664606094,0.03668355569243431,0.035759225487709045,0.04097788408398628,0.036205630749464035,0.03499695286154747,0.0347001813352108,0.03689572215080261,0.037529218941926956,0.03541335463523865
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
We gave this to my son for his third birthday and he loves it. He loves all the sounds and the different things he can crash into and crash through. It was especially fun for him to pick up the present and hear it talking while he was unwrapping it :-)As a parent and the one doing the assembly (very minimal), I have to say they did a great job in designing this product. The buildings have very clearly defined spaces for the stickers that basically create a frame for the sticker making it easy to put them on straight. Maybe it's just me, but when stickers are crooked on toys like this it just bugs me a bit, so I appreciated that the manufacturer seemed to take that into account and make it easy.
This seemed like a good toy when we first got it out.  Little vehicles that you push around between the buildings with sound effects.  The buildings don't really stay in place and they have stickers on them that the kids have already started peeling off. The kids liked the idea of the missions.  Each vehicle has a home base of sorts where you can push a button and be told where the vehicle needs to go.  However, there seems to be only one mission for each vehicle.  The police car, for example, is told of a robbery at the mall every time.  That gets old quickly.  Fewer random noises and more targeted interactions might have made this much better.  It's also way too small to share.  Kids hands easily get in the way of other kids hands.
The age range for this toy is very limited as there are little parts so young kids would have to be supervised but older kids it would probably distract them for a few hours at most.Once you get past the annoying sticker setup, the rest is left to the imagination of the kids.  Having the sounds go off for the first time is a treat but are repetitive over time.  And some sounds the kids just find funny and you hear them over and over and over...This is a good toy to bring out once in a while after it has been forgotten when you don't want to make a big mess.
I learned a tough lesson - set this up ahead of time!I was under the gun, so I opened this with three under 10 year boys.  Yikes - stickers, fighting over trucks / cars, and things put in the wrong places!  Do your prep work with the stickers and learn where things go.  Reading the instructions while juggling everything else is tough.The boards did NOT lock together easily, and the layouts lacked continuity...unless you want to sandwich two of the control part of the boards next to each other.The vehicles are very small.  Heed the warning about the ages.  I would recommend 5 - 7, and any child who lives in their own world of make believe.It is kind of cool driving around the little cars, and in a less hectic household, a child could get a lot of enjoyment out of this toy.
"Micro vehicles have been around for a long time, but it's only been in recent years that they've become an interactive toy in playsets.  This combo pack with includes both the Rescue and Construction interactive playsets.  If you care to add to the set you can add both theSonix City Airport Playsetand theSonix City raceway Playsetwhich connect with these two.  When you think about the total cost, it can get fairly expensive to complete this mini city, so I might suggest creating a wish list so friends and relatives can purchase them as gifts.A few compatible Add-Ons and Vehicles:Sonix City Car Wash Building Add-OnSonix City Gas Station Building Add-OnSonix City Rescue Squad Vehicle PackSonix City Track Racers Vehicle PackCONSTRUCTION*  Dump Truck*  Bulldozer*  A 15.4 x 9.4 x 2.1 PlaysetThere are more than a hundred sound effects and statements.  A few of the many things you'll hear:""There's a big pickup at the construction site.""""Look out below!""""Off to wreck some stuff!""""Whoa! It stinks in here!"" (At the Porta-Pottys)""Let's go fill this rig.""""Let's unload the truck.""""Headed out for a plow!""""Dozer needed at the site!""""Headed out for a plow!""""Look out below!""RESCUE*  Police Car*  Fire Truck*  A 15.4 x 9.4 x 2.1 PlaysetThere are more than a hundred sound effects and statements.  A few of the many things you'll hear:""Hey, who called the cops?""""Welcome to the Donut Hole.""""I'd like one donut and two coffees.""""Engine 33 on the move!""""Engine 33 back at the station.""""Welcome to the Sonix City Mall.""""There's a robbery at the mall!""""Car 29 responding to robbery!""""Car 29 on our way!""""Welcome to Big Money Bank!There are also many vehicle-related sounds such as squealing wheels, backup signaling, and engines revving.  These playsets are only going to be as durable as the youngster who is using them.  Some children are very rough on their toys while others tend to take care of them.  This combo playset, including the separate ones, are not meant for very young children.  The recommended age is 4+.The interactivity factor does take away from imaginative play, but does increase the fun factor.  Keep in mind that this is a micro set and it means just that.  We are looking at kid friendly, kid-sized vehicles ... micro.  For example the bulldozer in the construction set is 1 3/4"" long.  I personally like these playsets, but it's up to the individual to decide whether or not their child is the type who would enjoy them.  They are a bit pricey, but the final verdict is that they are awesome!"
I was really excited to get this set.  I thought it would be similar go the micro-mini sets that were available when my oldest son was young. I wanted my younger boys to experience the same fun.The set was a disappointment. The pieces did not fit well together and if you are going to travel with the set FORGET IT! The material was cheap. The stickers peeled quickly.When it came time to play with the set, it wasn't fun at all. It kept the attention if my 7 & 5 year-olds for thirty minutes tops.Although the sounds were a nice addition, even noise didn't hold the boys attention for long.I would not recommend this toy.  If I could give it zero stars...I would.
My son plays 2 hours and then the toy was left on the corner and never want to play again whit this boring toy, the cars are too small, the graphics are well made the sounds are fine but not working all the time.You have to assemble all the buildings and they don't stay in place, also you have to put a lot of stickers. I don't like this toy and my son either.
The Sonix City Rescue and Construction Combo Playsets seem like a very fun idea but unfortunately kids lose interest very quickly.  Setup is fairly easy though the initial sticker placement can be tricky.  The set essentially is play board/ mat that has sensors built in.  Buildings are placed on top of the mat and the child moves small vehicles across the board.  As a vehicle is moved over the sensors the mat makes different sounds.  It is a fun idea but the cars themselves are very tiny and easy to lose.  The kids did enjoy this at first but once they had gone through the sounds a few times they were ready to move on to the next toy.  Overall it is not a bad concept but maybe with further development it can have more play value (and replay value).
"I chose this set of interactive play sets for my 3 year old godson.  I know how thrilled he will be by the little cars, the cities that are set up.  Many of the cars talk as does the towers round them.  The first is ""The Construction"" set and it features all that would be seen in such a construction site.....even an outhouse that says, ""Whoa it stinks in here.""  That will be enough to set my godson into fits of giggles.  The other set is ""Rescue"" with a multitude of police, fire truck, ambulance etc that speak but also let go squealing screams.  I may go tone deaf as he plays, but both sets offer such imagination and excitement he will be active for hours with this duo.It does require a modest amount of assemblage. But, Sammy's father is good at assembling after two boys.  All AA batteries are included.A fun feature that I quite like is the two other sets available to be added.  That will be so fun to gift at other times to his collections.So cute but definitely for children age 3 and up as the cars and trucks are small.I am going to rate as top ""auntie"" again this year. LOLLOLOL"
"This is a two piece playset (rescue city and construction site) that can be connected together and additional pieces could be added on later. The rescue set comes with two vehicles (police car and fire truck) and a few buildings. The construction site comes with a couple of trucks and few building pieces. The building pieces recognize vehicles moving closer and respond with appropriate sounds. For example, the donut shop's drive through counter asks for order if you move a vehicle through. There are add-ons such as gas station, car wash etc. There are some ""missions"" too like crashing a car through construction barrier etc. So, it can be a fun toy for boys to play with, but the sounds are repetitive (they respond with the same phrase every time) and so gets boring pretty quick. The add-ons are fairly expensive too.However, the set is made very durably. Good plastic board and vehicles - the vehicles could have been designed to look a bit better - they are small and a bit fuzzy."
Overall this play set is an OK. For the most part it's just a flat board with an image pasted on it. The city buildings do give it some extra dimension, but they don't give it enough. The streets, grassy areas, and dirt areas are all just so flat. I also found the buildings came off the board a little too easily. Some even fell off just from the slightest nudge during use. The button images are accurately located to the response sensors under them. I think it would be a little nicer if the buttons were actual buttons to press or if the board vibrated or something when you pressed them. I have to say that my favorite part about the board is the skid marks on the pavement. When moving the car on a turn in the road with skid marks the board will sense the car and do a tire screeching noise. My least favorite part of the play set is when 2 or more kids are using it. The boards turn into a mesh of noises that is just irritating. The sound quality coming from the speaker isn't great, but it's what I would expect from a child's toy.Pros:*Skid sounds automatically play when moving a car around the corner*Image used for the background is sharp, clear and accurately placed on the boardCons:*The city buildings don't all stay on the board very well*Multiple users cause a cluster of noise
We laid this out for my nephew visiting us for a few days. The setup wasn't confusing and once the board was all set up with stickers etc., it actually looked good. This is a 2 playset game which has a Rescue set and a Construction one. Some of the pieces on the game board like cars were too tiny and the quality just wasn't there. My nephew thought it was cool initially but once he figured out all the sounds and actions, he was done. The concept is good but since the add on sets are expensive, I'm not sure how wise it is to invest in this given how quickly the child may get bored with this.
"The Sonix City Rescue and Construction sets combined are a little smaller than a Monopoly game board. One half (the Rescue set) is a plastic, interactive ""city"" scene and the other plastic base has a construction theme. The two can be connected at any side with detachable plastic peg brackets. The rescue section is clearly the better of the two, with one place of interest being an interactive drive-through donut shop (it lets you order up to three cups of coffee and three donuts).The other Rescue set play feature that was initially exciting is the fact that it has a mini police station and fire station with a police car and firetruck (both are the same size of my THUMB, so the scale is really off here, even in its own mini world). There's a mall that either gets robbed or is on fire (depending on what you hear at the respective departments).Each vehicle has a sensor, enabling the sets to play a few different sounds based on the vehicle used (most of the sounds are generic car noises though). However, my daughter figured out that she can ""fool"" the playset by just pressing her finger along the streets. You hear the same noises, except the rescue playset identifies a finger as being a police car instead of a fire truck (I haven't heard it make the fire truck noises when a finger is being applied). Unfortunately, it also misidentifies the dump truck from the construction site as being a police car, while the loader is mistaken to be a fire truck.My daughter enjoyed the two missions at the mall, but is disappointed that there were not more missions to other places. You are either called to the mall re. a burglary or a fire. Apparently, no other buildings have trouble to speak of, including the bank (even though the bank sticker reveals a vault that has been broken into). The police car and fire truck are never sent on emergency calls to anywhere except the mall.The Sonix City Construction site yields even less play value...One can navigate a dump truck, loader and wrecking ball (wrecking ball is stationary but rotates) to haul/move/smash invisible items. You only hear sounds and see glossy photos of debris on the plastic ground. You could possibly add some building block bricks (not provided) for better effect.When it comes to the noises of this set, you are able to: press a button to hear a portable toilet flushing, some farting, a toilet paper inquiry and the comment: ""whoa, it stinks in here."" There are some sounds of construction for ambience, a phone ringing, motor sounds, and a man telling you to go to the dump, along with the phrases: ""hard hats required,""""construction vehicles only,"" etc.The missions for this set are vague and confusing. Even my teenaged son couldn't understand exactly what he was expected to do. Imagine NOT constructing or knocking/tearing anything down, just pretending with air and sounds. Needless to say, the kids didn't like the Construction set at all.Both Rescue and Construction are standalone sets, with not much point being conjoined since the sets don't recognize the other vehicles as coming from one another.I don't recommend multiple kids playing on one set. The sounds become confusing and these sets are way too small to share-a guaranteed argument between the kids.This could have been a very good playset and worth the money if they expanded and increased the number and types of activities within each theme, enlarging the vehicles and buildings to make this age-appropriate for younger children, who would certainly be more entertained by these sounds."
"There are a lot of really nice things about this toy: in particular, it does a very good job of providing an interactive real-world playset that can compete with iPad app for my son's attention.  It's a bit sad to say, but at this point, that's my metric.  If a toy can keep my 3-year old son from the TV or the iPad, I like it.  The more it keeps him away from the screens, the more I like it!My son loves having the police car go to the donut shop and hearing the thick New York City (Brooklyn, really, I think) accents.  The only flip side is that the sound effects are somewhat limited and have the potential to get repetitive after a while, but additional playsets are available to expand the city.In order to get the sounds to work, the kids actually have to park the little vehicles in the correct grooves.  That may be a bit tough for the younger kids and might be why the minimum recommended age is 4.Speaking of the little vehicles, my only issue with this is that we have to be very careful around my eight month old daughter.  The pieces are small, and real choking hazards!  Most of the time I feel the ""choking hazard"" warnings are somewhat bogus and the result of overeager lawyers, but not in this case!!!  We've therefore had to institute very strict rules about when and where it can be taken out (only during her naptimes, only in certain places where we can contain and easily keep track of all the pieces, etc etc etc).  That really hurts the utility of the toy, but when the logistics work, this is definitely a fun playset.btw, after a bit of looking, we found a volume button ON THE BOARD!  Didn't see that at first, but boy are we glad it was there!!!"
"My son is 3 1/2, and since he got these two miniature cities about two weeks ago, he's played with them pretty much every day.  The two boards snap gingerly together, and from what I understand are expandable with two other miniature cityscapes.This concept is one I recall well from my childhood; a bunch of us kids would go out in the back yard and scrape roadways in dirt, then take small boxes and turn them into buildings, dig holes, line them with aluminum foil and create lakes.  My favorite was my creation of a McDonalds using a Happy Meal box and using a McDonalds' coffee stirrer as the big Mickey D's sign out front.  We spent endless hours playing with matchbox cars like this.This version emulates that old game with some success.  The little plastic buildings have stickers to put on them so that an oddly-shaped piece of plastic suddenly becomes a donut shop or a little mall.  There are touch-panel buttons throughout the boards that loudly and clearly express an appropriate interaction for the building next to it.  To paraphrase an example; ""ah, yes, I'd like two cups of coffee and a donut, please"" (another voice) ""thank you!  Pull up to the window for your order.""  That's well done.The buildings, at least for a less-than-four year-old, pop out of their moorings very easily, and he has a hard time putting them back.  I would definitely say that the recommended age is at least four (and yes, these parts are indeed very small).  Currently listed at $40 for two boards, I'd say the price is a little steep, even though it does include batteries.  Knock $10 off the price and I'd think that was a fair price.The play area is also very small, but I think that is a positive rather than a negative.  They are expandable as I mentioned, and in rainy weather these can be played on a kitchen table or preferably on a carpeted floor by more than one child at a time.I do think there is a limited amount of bells and whistles for a four year old, and when compared to the giant rug my son has in his room, which has all kinds of two-dimensional roads and buildings on it, I think he will have more fun with the rug (and that's not meant as a knock; those rugs are awesome!).Perhaps I'm being nostalgic, but what this game doesn't have is the level of imagination we had when we were kids playing in the backyard.  In winter and rainy weather, these are nice, but this purchase has inspired me to look at buying a sand box for next summer.  I have mixed feelings about recommending the Sonix City playset.  If your child is four or five and the price goes down a few dollars, I'd say it's worth it.  If not... perhaps look into one of those rugs first?"
"I got this for my son and he has played with it for two days straight. I can see the appeal of it: It's a small city and he loves to drive his little cars around. The extra sounds are nice and he LOVES the silly bathroom on the construction site. If you press the button, a guy will say things like ""Where's the toilet paper?"" or ""It's smelly in here"" but my son's absolute favorite is the farting sound. He laughs and laughs at that. He could sit there and press that button for a very long time, cackling to himself. Boys.There are volume controls, which are a blessing, and it's small so very little floor space is used. There are some things I don't like:*Assembly was straightforward but the stickers were a pain. They were hard to peel off the sheet and once put in place, they kept coming off. The barricade stickers fell off five times just within the first 30 minutes of using the thing.*The buildings, specifically the bank, keeps coming off.*When a car hits the barricade, it's supposed to make a CRASH sound. This happened the first day but stopped working on the second day of play.In all, my four year old enjoys it but I just wonder if it will hold up. As I said, it's only been two days of play and already things are breaking."
This is a fun magnetic car set that is genius in its simplicity. My 7 year old loved putting the buildings on the street boards and applying the stickers. The fun thing about this set is the variety of car-activated sounds that this set performs. When a car goes through a drive through a cop with an accent orders coffee so on and so forth. My kids 2-7 love this toy. Downfall to this set is the small size of the parts and cars which have a tendency to find their way under furniture and to get lost.
I got this for my 4 year old nephew and he really liked it. All the sounds it makes as the cars drive through the city are activated by magnets on the cars which is pretty cool and adds variety. Some of the phrases are pretty funny and made my nephew laugh and add sounds of a real city to the toy. The board is made of good quality which is a must with little boys! I did think the cars were a little flimsy and the buildings move out of place too easily. One thing I was disappointed with was that it came with only a couple cars - the playset would be more interesting if it had more vehicles to use. Overall, this is a great toy and I loved that it required so little to assemble.
"I got this for my 4 year-old daughter and my 5 year old son. They were very excited to get them out of the box and I was able to figure out which stickers needed to be applied to the various boxes pretty quickly.  The buildings are kind of plain and they didn't always snap in firmly to the boards, but with a little bending they eventually fit.We put in the batteries and turned them on, after connecting the two different boards together in a way that put the speaker stations as far from each other as possible.  We had a problem with the construction set though, it seemed to intermittently turn off or disconnect.  When it worked, it was ok - but it wasn't consistent.  The city was no problem at all.Once we started playing with it, the kids enjoyed doing the different ""missions"" at first, but eventually they became very repetitive. Often they would have trouble trying to figure out if they had done the mission correctly or if they needed to sit at the mall for a longer period of time to have finished the objective and it became confusing and a little frustrating.Overall, they got bored with this pretty quickly, which is a shame because the idea is pretty neat and if it were executed better it would be a fun game. I just don't feel like the quality is quite as good as it should be (we had trouble with the construction set and sometimes the board would not register when a car ran over a certain marker on the board) and I feel like the game needs more depth and more step by step instruction.I'm not sure if I would recommend this or not - I generously gave it four stars because the city version worked pretty well and was moderately fun for the kids - the construction version did not work so well, and even when it did - the missions were not nearly as interesting."
My 5 year old grandson played with this pretty much non-stop for the first 3 days after we opened this (good thing there was a long weekend!).  Unfortunately, it was put away and he hasn't even asked for it since.  He is able to put most of the buildings where they belong, but had some trouble with the crane.  The cars are pretty tiny, so we play with this on the table so his 15 month old brothers can't get the pieces.  They are definitely choking hazards.This set would be fun to play with a friend and could contribute to some good imaginary play.  When the vehicles (with magnets on the bottom) cross the sensors, phrases are spoken or other noises are made, which does add to the fun.
I had a set almost identical to this growing up so needless to say, it brought up some fond memories. The parts are small but I don't see any problems with a 2 yr to play with this as we had our 2 yr old nephew and his 5 yr old brother playing with this. The 2 yr old loves loves playing with little hot wheels and while yes, this is a bit smaller, he doesn't put them in his mouth so we personally felt okay to let him play with it (supervised) While the mat was fun for a while, they both decided to take the vehicles off the mat to play on the carpet and walls, oh and the table. It's entertaining but the mat doesn't keep them occupied long enough.
The Sonix City sounded better on paper than it delivered in real life.  While you get two separate play sets, they link together to create a bigger set.  Batteries are included and installation consisted of putting stickers on the buildings (a diagram is provided to help with placement, but it is still tricky to figure out where some of them go), and clicking the buildings into place on the board.  It sets up very much like a Life game board.The vehicles are very small, about the size of a Micro Machine (if anyone remembers those).  As you push the cars around the board, the sensors will trip for the noises.  The sensors seem to also be pressure based ones, so you can trip them with your finger instead of the car.  There is a small symbol on each area that lets you know where those aeas are.Unfortunately, the area of the sensor is rather small, so you need to be right on it to make it work.  My son had problems with them working unless he made some pretty deliberate attempts to get directly on the sound aea.Thankfully there is a volume switch, because the loud setting is certainly that: loud!Overall this toy had limited play value with my 4 year old son.  He thought it looked pretty exciting in the box, but he it isn't grabbing it much during play time.
"This is a novel toy idea. I don't recall ever having seen something similar. It is aimed for the 4+ age group. This may be correct since my almost 4-year old grandson finds it fascinating although a lot of the spoken speech goes way over his head, but he loves the noises and the fact that, since there is more than one sound triggered as the vehicles pass over the hot spots, there is a certain element of unpredictability. He especially appreciates the ""it stinks in here"" statement when pressing the porta-potty button in the construction set!Even though he has a fascination with construction and emergency vehicles, he's not aware of the concept of police dispatchers calling in a robbery at the shopping center or exactly what goes on in a construction site beyond big and noisy equipment. There is enough whiz-bang aspects to the mat to keep him entertained for a while, but he's missing the plot and technicalities. Perhaps a 6 year old with family involvement that is relevant the settings (or who watches a lot of TV) will benefit more from the situation-specific language.That was my personal experience with the toy and a 4-year old. If you were to ask him, he would tell you it's 'cool.' (It would probably be a popular gift to take to a boy's birth party). Let me give you an overview and my adult perspective on the toy and the concept.Specifics: Although each mat is a self-contained toy, there are various sets that can be connected, each dealing with a specific scenario. Each mat is 15""x9,"" they connect along the long side and the roads match so a vehicle can travel between mats with a logical transition. Each car has a metal plate along the bottom, apparently to trigger specific sounds at particular spots. There are supposedly more than 100 sounds in each mat and this is possible because there are rotating sounds for each hot spot, not because there are 100 hot spots.  Although the construction truck can travel city streets in another scenario, it will not trigger the scenario-specific speech that is relevant to that scenario. (i.e. the truck won't be confused with a police car). There is a battery (included) and on and off buttons. There is even a sleep mode to conserve battery life if the set is put away while `on.'Concerns: The toy vehicles are much smaller than the matchbox cars we are familiar with. They are about 1 1/2inches long and about a 1/2 inch wide.  I would say that most vehicles are about 1/2 the size of a woman's thumb. A real choking hazard if you have younger children in the house.  The toy, while developing the child's power of observation and cause/effect connections, doesn't do much for developing imagination. The scenarios are pretty set (unless you change the button to `off' and then it's just a silent mat. Each mat has a realistic-looking cityscape with streets and buildings (more or less) proportionate to the vehicles (which explains why they are so small).Negatives: Due to the set scenarios, play time interest is limited. The child will play with it for a while then go on to something else. It's the kind of toy you put away and bring out a couple of months later so the newness of it can attract his attention again. If you lose one (of the two) vehicles you lose 1/2 the functionality of the play set.Positives: The play is contained to a small area and the mess doesn't spread all over the room. This is of particular benefit when you have a sick child or need entertainment without mess, or need a toy to transition from activity time to calm time (like before bedtime) and don't want to turn on the TV. The toy is easily portable so you can take it anywhere where the noise won't bother others. Easy to put away; easy to unpack and assemble; durable; nothing really breakable; only loose parts are the vehicles and the ball on the construction crane; expandable; wide range of ages (I would guess 4 to 8 with 6 being the optimal age.)"
Once your child begins to speak in sentences, they will love playing with these Sonix City sets.  We watched a 2, 3 and 4 year old thoroughly enjoy driving the cars, trucks and vehicles around the city and listen to all the sounds and talking going on. The 5 year and older children got bored very quickly, once they heard it all. However, there are plenty of sounds (100 per set) and talking going on, that the little ones enjoyed and never got bored with.On the Construction site, there is a bulldozer and dump truck that make many truck noises, beeping, a woman communicating that there is a big pickup at the construction site, along with a port a potty that says where's the toilet paper and it stinks in here, and much much more. There is a crane that the child can move and says Look Out Below, and here is where Sonix needs to do more with this set. The children wanted more play things, like the moving crane. They wished for a dirt pile for the dump truck, and a building that would fall apart upon pushing it with the bulldozer. They wanted the bulldozer to actually go up a small hill. They love the sounds, but wanted some hands on construction work to do.The rescue set has many great sounds as well, but with no play items at all, like the moving crane in the construction set. The sounds are just perfect, as there is a mall, bank, homes, donut shop that takes your order, emergency calls from the dispatch unit and many more sounds for the police car and fire truck to answer to. There is even a pond, when the car drives into makes a splash sound or you can hear ducks quacking.  The child wished there was a ladder and fake flames to put on the building and a hose to put out the fire. They wished there was a bad guy to chase from the bank robbery as well. The sounds are perfect, but the sets need a couple accessories for playability, as these pre-schoolers want to play all day with these sets.There are more play sets you can buy and more vehicles, but the children really want to act out what is being said, so some accessories to help in playing with what is going on, would be perfect. Buying this double set is way better than one set, as there is more to do and listen to. We bought more vehicles, which the children really loved as well, but a few play pieces for the child to interact more with would be perfect, and I hope Sonix makes an accessory pak to add to these sets, as the children really want a hands on experience with these. For pre-schoolers, this would be a 5 Star toy, as they love driving around the town and listening to what is going on, but for playability, without accessories to help in their acting out what is going on, it only gets 3 1/2 stars.
"I thought this was a great little playset and quite frankly, I'd have loved something like this back when I was still a kid myself.It's essentially a set of interlockable playsets that depict different scenarios, these in particular being a rescue set and a construction set. The first thing I have to say is that this is one of those toys that you can't give to kids that are too young for it. You know how sometimes you can kind of ignore the age limit with these things but in this case, the cars and several of the included pieces are very small and can easily qualify as choking hazards. This is a perfect toy for kids that have at least somewhat of an understanding of the varying types of vehicles included with the sets and more or less know their functions, as it's these kids that are obviously the target audience and the ones more likely to get something out of it. Any younger than the appropriate age and you can pretty much guarantee that half the included pieces will be gone come an hour after the initial setup.I thought the playset was very well constructed and I was reminded of how I used to have to put stickers on all of my old toys, which you'll be doing here with the buildings which require you to apply all sorts of decorative stickers on them. One thing I wasn't particularly crazy about was that it seemed like due to the placement of the main building which provides the majority of the sounds that this set makes, it was kind of hard to find a setup where the roads would link up while the boxes would be clear of each other. If you have two sets together and you put it together where these ""sound"" buildings are against each other, this makes the on/off switch inaccessible. I'm a strong believer that sets like this should be able to be assembled and linked together in just about any configuration but the placement of that main block throws this idea off.I can easily recommend this set as long as it's for kids of the appropriate age. It's pretty cool and allows for plenty of improvisation and lots of fun with all the different sounds and cool little vehicles this thing is packed with. Again, this comes with very small parts and easily qualifies as a choking hazard for your wee ones so be mindful of that."
"This is going to teach him stuff. It's really 2 different ""worlds"" packaged as one. One mini world-on -a-board is about rescue - ambulances and police, and the other is all about construction. As he moves his various cars and trucks around the streets, parking in front of buildings in the theme of the set, electronic sound effects and voices are stimulated. These are fun to trigger, and they do teach that sirens have to do with hospitals, for instance, and a lot more.By the way, there's some assembly required - putting stickers on the buildings, and setting them up in the appropriate places on the playboards. But then, that's part of learning as well.I don't think this is the most fun my four-year-old grandson is going to have this holiday season, but in the quieter moments when he wants something to absorb him for twenty or thirty minutes at a stretch, this will do the trick. Eventually, he'll tire of it, as the sounds and spoken words are, of course, repetitive. But by then, he'll have learned what the playsets were designed to teach.Recommended!"
To be honest, I was surprised how small these are!  Each is the size of half a standard Monopoly board.  There are slots to set up the little buildings, so there's not much creativity involved there.  The cars are quite tiny and could be swallowed by small children.  One of the sets I received worked in demo mode, but then not in normal mode.  I think the idea is to get lots of sets and make a little city, but I think kids might get bored with this.  :0(
