Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
I'm torn on how to review this doll. The Dora crowd tends to be 3 or 4 and under. This doll really requires a child who can be patient, listen to instruction even when excited, and be very gentle... all things that many 2-3yr olds haven't mastered yet. I have an almost 3yr old daughter and an almost 9yr old daughter. My 2yr old adores Dora and my 9yr old hasn't been interested in her in years; the problem is that my little one can't quite understand that she can't really touch Dora when she's going through her routine, that her arms can only rotate one direction, that you have to listen carefully to her instructions on placement, etc... my 8yr old has no problem with this but also no desire to play with Dora (I think had this toy not been Dora but simply a gymnastics doll that she'd be more interested in her, but she can't get past the fact that it's Dora.... who she doesn't enjoy watching anymore ::sighs::)I also haven't been able to get her to work as advertised. She comes out of the box with her head to the side, the instructions say to turn it forward (this takes some force) but if I do that ours won't work at all, I can only get her to work with her head in the side position. She also doesn't complete the whole routine as advertised nor does she say close to 40 phrases, I'm wondering if ours is stuck in demo mode some how. Honestly it works well enough for my little one so I'm not going to bother trying to figure it out further.Dora was played with for an evening, then tossed into the toy box forgotten. I'd say if you have an older child (maybe 5+) who still likes Dora this might be a winner... for your little ones find something less complicated.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.06335848569869995,0.06320510059595108,0.06294640153646469,0.06542959064245224,0.06398160010576248,0.0677635669708252,0.06100274622440338,0.05901819095015526,0.06621802598237991,0.05921543017029762,0.06442466378211975,0.06450974196195602,0.05881987884640694,0.0595661960542202,0.0627061128616333,0.057834237813949585
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
This Dora doll is more for show than for play. Although she is very entertaining to watch, she only holds my daughter's attention for about 10-15 minutes each time she plays with her. Her body is hard and somewhat fragile because if turned a certain way, her arms will break. She reminds me of the Baby Skates doll I had in the 80's. I wanted that doll SO bad and when I received her for Christmas, the novelty quickly wore off simply because all I could do with her was watch her (sort of) skate. Like Dora, she was also fragile and wasn't the kind of doll who could handle a lot of play. That being said, my daughter is very fascinated with her, even if only for small amounts of time. I do recommend this doll for girls 5 and up, Dora fans or little gymnasts.
"Gymnastics Dora was opened with giggles and glee from my 4 year old daughter, but this was short-lived. The doll is somewhat heavy with a thick plastic body. The Dora doll did not perform at first, she would only lay still and talk. I thought perhaps it was the battery, which I replaced, but to our dismay she still only talked and did not perform or sing. Aside from the routine, I told my daughter perhaps Dora only talked. She outwitted me by pointing to the musical notes on the box and said yes she is supposed to sing. My daughter (and I) became frustrated with it - she handled it differently than I by giving the doll a time out, huffed and walked away. Then out of the blue, after pressing the star button yet again, it began to perform and even sing. I was disappointed with the routine, it was something to watch but not really interact with, the routine became redundant and said ""thanks for helping"" when she wasn't playing with it at all. It has nearly no learning value, aside from counting leg kicks, with mechanical grinding sounds as she moves with no-volume controlled talking and singing. Only nice thing I can say about it is that it does seem to work on carpet. To sum it up in my daughters words about this doll, ""not a big fan,"" sorry,I wouldn't recommend it either."
Dora the Explorer doing gymnastics is the perfect doll for any gymnastic loving little girl. Dora does four routines which include splits, front pushups,  and many phrases in both english and spanish. Dora is well made and can handle being dragged around by her arms or foot by a child for hours at a time. She also provides tons of child playtime as the little one was laughing and doing Dora's routines, or making up new ones for hours and then wanting to do the splits with her. I am really enjoying this doll for I find her very entertaining to watch but also to see the joy of wanting to copy Dora's gymnastics in the little one. It's just all so sweet.The price is good for the amount of play time and for what this doll can do.
"... and interestingly (or coincidentally) enough, we'd seen a commercial for this toy on Nickelodeon about 5 minutes before it became available to me through the Vine Program. Naturally, when the munchkin saw it on my available offerings, she went nuts and wanted it. And now it's hers to enjoy!It's a pretty big doll, especially for a 3-year-old. That's good. Dora's gymnastic routines are pretty entertaining, at least at first, but it's a set number of routines, and how often is your kid going to watch the same thing over and over?What the Dora doll has going for her is that she also serves very well as an ""all-purpose"" toy, too. She's my munchkin's buddy!A couple of caveats. First, the instructions note that Dora's arms are only supposed to be moved in one direction; moving them in the other direction can actually break the internal mechanism that propels her. That's a pretty limiting issue for a toy designed for 3-year-olds, which is within the age range stated on the box. So, I'll have to see how Dora holds up over time. If that becomes an issue, I may have to revise this review.In all honesty, the other is the price. Currently, here on Amazon, this doll's priced right at 50 bucks. That seems to me like a lot of money for something like this. I got it for free through Amazon in order to review it. I'm not at all sure I'd have paid 50 bucks for it.Anyway, there you have it."
"My 3 year old daughter ADORES Dora and really likes the ""Fantastic Gymnastics"" Dora special.  I thought that she would love this toy.  It really hasn't gone over as a huge hit.  She has played with it a few times, for just a few minutes each.  I think it's a little complicated to get the routine to work, and you have to leave Dora alone or she doesn't finish her routine.  (Unless she asks you to help, ""Turn me on my back"").  Her arms can only spin one way not the other, or she won't complete her routine.  It took us a little while to figure out how to get her to work, and by then interest was waning.  This would be an OK toy for $20-30 but in my opinion, it is overpriced at $50 retail.UPDATE:  As my daughter gets to know this toy a little more, she has found some new features - ""Dora sings!"" that have caught her attention a little more.  Still think at the price point it's a little pricey for what you get.  3.5 stars.["
I'm torn on how to review this doll. The Dora crowd tends to be 3 or 4 and under. This doll really requires a child who can be patient, listen to instruction even when excited, and be very gentle... all things that many 2-3yr olds haven't mastered yet. I have an almost 3yr old daughter and an almost 9yr old daughter. My 2yr old adores Dora and my 9yr old hasn't been interested in her in years; the problem is that my little one can't quite understand that she can't really touch Dora when she's going through her routine, that her arms can only rotate one direction, that you have to listen carefully to her instructions on placement, etc... my 8yr old has no problem with this but also no desire to play with Dora (I think had this toy not been Dora but simply a gymnastics doll that she'd be more interested in her, but she can't get past the fact that it's Dora.... who she doesn't enjoy watching anymore ::sighs::)I also haven't been able to get her to work as advertised. She comes out of the box with her head to the side, the instructions say to turn it forward (this takes some force) but if I do that ours won't work at all, I can only get her to work with her head in the side position. She also doesn't complete the whole routine as advertised nor does she say close to 40 phrases, I'm wondering if ours is stuck in demo mode some how. Honestly it works well enough for my little one so I'm not going to bother trying to figure it out further.Dora was played with for an evening, then tossed into the toy box forgotten. I'd say if you have an older child (maybe 5+) who still likes Dora this might be a winner... for your little ones find something less complicated.
I have a couple of budding gymnasts at home who are also Dora fans. They were really excited to get this toy and played with it straight for a couple of days.It's neat, and does a few gymnastics tricks. Those few tricks get old a little fast for kids.Also, the motors that move the arms and legs are pretty noisy.It's a fairly expensive toy, so you may want to ask yourself about your kid's attention span with toys before investing.
My daughter just turned 2 and she loves Dora. I got this for her birthday and she immediately took to her. The doll is exciting to her and she likes to see Dora go through the motions. She even sleeps with her, (I cut it off.) The doll is durable and well made so far.
"My daughter was beside herself to try out the new Fantastic Gymnastics Dora.  Dora did not disappoint and everyone in our family loves to watch her routine.  Dora has to be put in one of four simple positions and then one has to push the star button on Dora's chest.  When Dora is put on her back with her arms down and her button is pushed she performs a ""warm-up"" sequence and then starts her floor routine which includes leg lifts, a backbend, a backbend with kicks, a handstand, and a handstand split.  When Dora is placed on her back with her arms up she will count off while doing ""Toe Touches"".  My daughter especially enjoys ""coaching"" Dora during this exercise.  When Dora is placed on her tummy with her arms up she will raise herself up into a ""Push-Up"" position.  When Dora is placed on her tummy with her arms down she will raise up into a ""Split"" and then ask ""Will you help me stretch my arms up?""  The child can then move Dora's arms into the upright position.  Dora will then say ""Hold my hands and lift me up to check my super split move.""  Hold Dora by the hands and lift her while she's in the split position and she will do her special ""Super Splits!""  As a reminder once Dora is placed into the correct position one must always remember to push the star on her chest to activate the next moves.  For best performance place Dora on a hard, flat surface and if she malfunctions she can be re-set by turning her OFF and then ON again using the ON/OFF switch.  My daughter squeals with delight and says ""She's doing it, She's doing it!"" so we feel like this Dora is perfect for your little Dora fan."
My dfaughter loves playing with Dora. I love to see her smile when she sees the doll do her routine. She said mom just like Gabby.She loves the new look , she called it dora's getting bigger like me. I have to say the doll is bigger then what I really expected and she likes to style the hair as well her in her dora stroller. Overall really nice doll, Girls will love it.
This item was an instant hit in our house for our daughter aged 5 years old (she is also a Dora fan and budding gymnast). From the time she opened it, she played with it for over 90 minutes non-stop. The instruction sheet is fairly simple with 4 key components that trigger certain actions (4 routines).  For example, you must specifically lay her on her back with her arms over her head, and that will yield a routine, with audio interaction up to 40 phrases, when you press the star on her chest.  It was fairly simple and intuitive for our 5 year old to figure out in a few minutes.  Aside from the routine, our daughters seems to like carrying the doll around though it is bulky and heavy.Build quality appears decent to the touch.  However, I do have concern regarding durability.  The doll is constructed of heavy duty plastic best described as thick.  This material coupled with the design makes the toy impact resistant for sure.  But, the arms only turn one way and the instructions specifically indicate that turning the arms the wrong way will result in damage to the toy (not applicable to legs by the way).  I suspect that is due to internal plastic gearing in the arm joints.  Well, the problem is that that 5 year old's may forget this important piece of information.  I had to repeatedly instruct my daughter to only turns the arms one way.  She learned after a few minutes of instruction and seems to be ok with that restriction.  Overall, the toy strikes me as durable, with regular play, for over a year. Beyond that, it's anyone's guess frankly due to the arm and leg gearing. There were also instances when the toy did not perform routines as indicated.  We followed the instructions and turned the switch off and then on to reset and it worked fine.  The toy will work best on a hard flat surface.The toy requires 4 AA batteries, which are included (unlike the mat in the picture, which is not included). The packaging requires heavy duty scissors or wire cutters and it would be nice if frustration free packaging was available. So, be prepared.  The price point, in my humble opinion, seems to be too high and like another reviewer, the price at $15 lower is a better target.  In short, the product seems over priced to me unless you really have a big time Dora fan in the house.
"This toy is pretty neat for my 4 year old nieces who also do gymnastics. Dora does 4 routines, made up of 7 moves including handstands and splits. Be aware that you have to ""help"" Dora by getting her into position to do the moves before you press the star button to make her move so she doesn't do it by herself totally. It's very entertaining to watch the routines for the kids and adults, but eventually since she only does so much, it can get old. Dora also talks and says over ""40 phrases"" according to the box, but we haven't heard that many. It's also nice that it incorporates some Spanish language.Dora is made of a hard plastic, which is durable, but takes away the cuddle factor and you have to be careful not to bend her arm in more than the one indicated direction or it will break the mechanism so explaining that to children is a little tough. Overall, Dora has been a fun toy for the girls and has increased their interest in doing the same moves as Dora. The biggest negative about it is the price. I think $50 is a bit steep for this toy - probably should cost about $30 to be a good value."
"This cute hard plastic Dora the Explorer doll has tan skin and dark brown hair that is styled with two ponytails.  She has 7 gymnastics moves, some she does on her own and others she does with a little help from her assistant.  She is marketed for kids ages 3 years and up.  She comes with 4 ""AA"" batteries already installed and ready to do some gymnastics!Inspired by a special television episode where Dora performs in a gymnastics show, this doll will make a special holiday gift for dedicated Dora fans!  She performs 4 full routines, says several phrases (mostly in English, but a few Spanish numbers thrown in for good measure) and has 7 moves.Parents should be aware that wire cutters are necessary to cut the plastic ties that hold her in place in her display box.She is about 16 inches tall and wears a gymnastic outfit that is purple with a star on it.  Press her star, and she speaks.  She wears a fixed pink beaded bracelet on her right hand.For a huge fan of Dora the Explorer fans, this doll is a winner for a holiday or birthday gift!"
My two-year old loves watching Dora do her gymnastics routines. Actually, even my six and eight year old boys thought that Dora was pretty cool and played with her after the two year old went to bed.There is a button on Dora's tummy that you push to make her do a routine. Depending on whether she starts out on her back or tummy and with her arms extended up or down will determine the routine that she does. However, it seems like there is often a lag between pushing the button and Dora actually doing something. Sometimes she will just say one of her phrases and not start doing anything until the button is pushed a few more times. It can be hard for my daughter to wait during the lag time for Dora to do something. I've read the instruction manual and can't figure out what we are doing wrong, if anything.That said, this toy is still a whole lot of fun and it is pretty amazing to watch Dora do a headstand and the splits all by herself.
When I opened the package I was a little hesitant. Dora the Gymnast is made of hard plastic and very hard to cuddle. Of course, this Dora is supposed to entertain not cuddle. And entertain she does. She does various routines with seven different moves. My four year old niece was overjoyed and my reservations were non-existent. My niece played with this for the longest time. She did performances. She tried to Dora's routine right along side of her. Anything that gets kids to move is OK with me.I did think this is priced a little high. I agree with other reviewers who thought $15 off would be a better price. Still she brings a lot of joy to the Dora lovers of the world. It ties in nicely since it's right after the Olympics. And I would do almost anything to make my niece laugh so this gets thumbs up from me.
My child likes (not loves) Dora but I was happy to try this toy out. My daughter is 2 and a half and ended up playing with the doll for a total of 5 minutes. However, my child rarely plays with toys at all so this was actually a record. I was impressed with the size of the doll-it looks bigger in person than on TV. Dora performed her routines pretty flawlessly but I have a feeling if she gets flung, stomped or otherwise abused in some way, she may not last that long. I like how the batteries come with the doll, which is always helpful. I think it's a great toy for someone who either is into Dora or gymnastics. Not many toys like that out there. My one gripe is the price. If i was actually buying this, I would certainly think twice. I would have to absolutely be sure my child will love it. Other than that, it seems like a fun toy for anyone under 5 years old.
