Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
My children love all things superhero.  Not a day goes by where there is not some sort of rescue mission or battle scene playing out in the house.  I thought my kids would love this game set, and while it has its good points, it really did not hold their attention for very long.  It comes with a set of little odd-shaped superhero bullets for lack of a better term.  They bounce when you throw them.  You can set up the stunt set almost like the Angry Birds game concept, using the included pad to bounce/launch the little figures around.  It sounded like a fun game, and it was for about ten minutes.  After that, my kids realized that the plastic stunt set was not all that well made or put together, and they could have more fun flicking the pieces around or creating scenes and challenges with their regular toys.  They still use the superhero figures, but have discarded everything else the set came with.  And like many other collectible figures out right now, i.e. squinkies, these are tiny, easily lost and mistakenly vacuumed up.  I would not recommend this for any child under three due to chocking hazard.  As for fun factor, it does seem more appropriate for the 4-6 range.  I don't think kids much older than six would find it appealing.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.04463769122958183,0.04504448547959328,0.04549124836921692,0.0450235977768898,0.04370519518852234,0.042552534490823746,0.041824888437986374,0.04350186511874199,0.04279720038175583,0.04258500039577484,0.04287242516875267,0.0420164130628109,0.04383154585957527,0.04286141321063042,0.04219738766551018,0.043706245720386505,0.043908048421144485,0.04321417212486267,0.04504306986927986,0.044736720621585846,0.04142273589968681,0.04431600123643875,0.04271009564399719
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
My 4 year old son LOVES Bonkazonks! He has been collecting them for the last few months and this set provides fun and clever ways to play with them. This stunt set comes with a pad similar to a small mousepad called a slampoline that is used to bounce the Bonkazonks into the crash ring, the battle blocks or different towers that the kids can create. Not only that, but this comes with 6 exclusive characters (Iron Spiderman, Rhino, Green Goblin, Doctor Octopus, #004 Spiderman and Black Costume Spiderman) that you can only get through this set. This toy is a must for Bonkazonks collectors!
"Imagine a box with a whole bunch of pieces of flimsy stuff packed in it, and you have this.  Everything feels cheap (because it is) and there's very little direction to how to play this.  Essentially the stunts that SpiderMan and friends do is just throwing pieces around and hoping they land where you want.Within moments, it's a free for all with the targets abandoned and the pieces lost or broken.  One Happy Meal toy is more durable and interesting than this set.  And note, this guys are TINY.  Three boys played this, 5, 8, and 9, and basically this was nothing that they liked even though they like the characters in general.It sort of surprised me that Marvel would use their name on such a junky toy.  Look closely at the photos before you order if you do....the six ""head"" figure are less than 1.5 inches each.  Tiny. Not cool."
My children love all things superhero.  Not a day goes by where there is not some sort of rescue mission or battle scene playing out in the house.  I thought my kids would love this game set, and while it has its good points, it really did not hold their attention for very long.  It comes with a set of little odd-shaped superhero bullets for lack of a better term.  They bounce when you throw them.  You can set up the stunt set almost like the Angry Birds game concept, using the included pad to bounce/launch the little figures around.  It sounded like a fun game, and it was for about ten minutes.  After that, my kids realized that the plastic stunt set was not all that well made or put together, and they could have more fun flicking the pieces around or creating scenes and challenges with their regular toys.  They still use the superhero figures, but have discarded everything else the set came with.  And like many other collectible figures out right now, i.e. squinkies, these are tiny, easily lost and mistakenly vacuumed up.  I would not recommend this for any child under three due to chocking hazard.  As for fun factor, it does seem more appropriate for the 4-6 range.  I don't think kids much older than six would find it appealing.
Me being nearly 40, I appreciate this type of game.  In our simpler days this stuff was and still is awesome.  I'm sure those spoiled and only knowing extreme this and that or just videos games might find this boring but I think it's great.Set this stuff outside on the porch or deck and yes even inside and have a little bit of real world hand eye coordination.Candy shaped toys...just make sure you pay attention to whoever it is that is playing ;)
This toy is okay. It has a lot of little parts. The basic gist is that you try to catapult the little heads through things and over things. I'm not sure how long this is really gong to keep people's attention and a lot of little things to fly away and get lost.
I picked this up for my three year-old Son, who is fanatical about Super-Heroes in general, and Spider-Man in particular. First off, it's not a very good idea to get this if you have a younger child that still puts things in his or her mouth, because these toys are a definite choking hazard. There's really not much here...you basically bounce the character pieces around trying to knock things over. My Son got bored with it and walked away after 5 minutes.......This is probably one of the most bizarre toy concepts I've ever seen. I would have loved to be there when the idea was pitched to the toy company. That must have been a hilarious meeting. There's not much here for kids of any age to enjoy.
"As other have mentioned there isn't a lot to the set. The play value comes mostly from the colored heads, which can be purchased outside of the elaborate set. My 7 year old son loves anything painted or colored with super heros, star wars, etc.... so he did enjoy receiving this (His reaction was a 5/5 and he was very excited and his 6 year old sister was also intitially very interested as well). It is a bit like mighty beanz (his words) or squinkies and held his attention for an hour or so. Most of the set pieces he will misplace. He will return to the actual superhero heads every so often when he stumbles on them. Which for a 7 year old describes most toys :) Star Wars makes a similar line of toys an instead of the little additional play pieces, they package their little guys with vehicles. He did like them but I would recommend you try some of the less expensive sets that still give you the ""heads"" as that is likely what will get played with over time. If he/she likes them you can add larger sets later. If he was a man of unlimited means my son would buy additional sets if he could.Update: Kids have had this set for over two months now. My son did get an additional Captain America case with figures that he loves. He and his sister will still play with this from time to time and I have heard him talk about the Bonk-a-zonks with his friends and cousins, so they are popular with the 1st-3rd grade age group."
A boring toy, the pieces never got in place, fall all the time and was not fun at all, my son try to play whit this toy but got board and forget about it.
6 exclusive Bonkazonks figures look like Mighty Beanz with stoppers on the bottom. So for collecting they are great, but the game is rather boring . My 14 and 12 year old were not interested. Trying to slam one of your figures on the Spider-Man Slampoline to knock the others down is not easy.  The pieces are small and when you try to bounce them or do any stunts they fly off into wherever, and have to be tracked down.
i had my doubts when i opened this box.  there are 6 magnetic bean-type weighted figurines, some lightweight plastic stands,and some spacing rulers.  the 'bounce pad' is made of very thin mouse-pad type material that you place into a thin plastic tray - that's it!however, my 7yo twin boys LOVED this game.  they set up the figurines and stands in a variety of configurations, decided to play the 'good' figures (e.g., red spiderman) vs the 'evil' figures (e.g., black spiderman) in teams and thoroughly enjoyed made-up challenges of trying to make the tallest stackers to knock down.  as i'm writing this i realize how incredibly boring this must sound, but my kids have played with this little set for 30-40minutes at a time without fighting or throwing around the small figures.i took away one star because i think the age range is too young.  the box says this game is for ages 5+, but i think the age should be at least 6yrs or older.  my soon to be second graders played this game nicely, but i could see this dissolving into fights when they were in kindergarten.
"There is almost nothing to say about this product because there is nothing to do with this product.  You are supposed to flick one of the little figure to knock down the other.  It is so shockingly uninteresting that I actually checked on line to see if I was missing something.  I wasn't.  You throw one of this little figures at the other ones.This seems to be mostly a ""gotta get 'em all"" gimmick.  I got series one and it looks like there are tons more.  Some of them are ones kids will want like Iron Man.  But one was ""The Punisher"".  Is that supposed to be the same punisher from the movie?  Because that is way inappropriate for little kids.All in all I was very disappointed in this game.  There really isn't anything to do.  Imagination is not inspired.  And this is actually less engaging than jacks or tiddly winks."
"You've seen it before: a scheme to sell collectible sets masquerading as a children's toy. The problem is the toy isn't much fun to play with and, no matter how many more sets you buy, the gameplay never gets better.While the initial stunt set appears to be a good value, each additional four-pack will set you back roughly another $12. The complete set will run more than $200.The toy industry has become quite adept at squeezing huge profits out of plastic junk. Bonkazonks is just the latest attempt in a long line of flash-in-the-pan collectible toys using comic book, anime or movie characters. Before there was Bonkazonks:*Mighty Beanz*Pog*HeroClix*Ninjago*Bakugan*Redakai*Beyblade* and who could forgetPok&eacute;mon?The Spider-Man Stackrobatic Stunt Set includes six *exclusive* Bonkazonks figures: Spider-Man, Iron Spider-Man, Black Costume Spider-Man, Green Goblin, Rhino and Doctor Octopus. Each figure looks like a plastic thimble with a magnetic leg and a sticker of the character's face that wraps around the thickest end.One evening at a friend's house, I brought out the set and played along with two children. We tried bouncing Bonkazonks on carpet and on tile. It didn't make much difference. We were supposed to slap them on a `Spider-Man Slampoline' which is marketing talk for a thin rubber disc. The rest of the accessories are just as outrageously described on the set's box. Seven pieces of hollow plastic (the quality you'd expect to drop out of a 25-cent vending machine stashed in the back of the bowling alley) is called ""BONKAZONKS BATTLE BLOCKS"" and ""TRICK LIFTS.""The children stayed mildly interested for about 10 minutes.Hasbro wants you to believe that this is a Marvel circus in a box. In reality, the Bonkazonks figures are indistinguishable without the gaudy stickers. And because the figures are so short and squat, the acrobatic flips are no more eye-opening than watching five dice spill out ofYahtzee cup.In summary, spend your hard-earned money on something else, something fun, and steer clear of this toy set.Rating: One star"
"I think my 6 year old played this for about 10 minutes and then it was forgotten about.  And this is a kid that likes mighty beanz and sqwinkies, so he's used to somehow having fun with little useless pieces of plastic!  The cardboard part you're supposed to knock down never really stood upright for us.  We all tried to ""bounce"" them a few times and now it sits unused."
My kids really love this toy.  The problem is they get carried away and start carelessly throwing them around everywhere instead of sticking to the recommended knocking down blocks and such.  They are just heavy enough and just hard enough to make me concerned for breaking windows or whatever.  On the other hand, the pieces are really too small to make a good outdoor toy.  If you have a safe room for them to go crazy in, your kids will love these.
"Okay, my kids may be not be old enough to appreciate the possible collect and trade-ability of this toy, but they understand enough that having a toy that bounces are breaks things down is pretty fun.  However, not *that* fun (but my kids are 4 and like to move around a lot, so probably just not their thing).  The Bonkazonks Spiderman Stackrobatic Stunt Set is the non-tech kid's version of Angry Birds.  You take a weighted Bonkazonk (character about as big as a Tootsie Pop, and shaped kinda like a lightbulb) and either flick it, spin it, or toss it onto a ""slam disk"" so it bounces and knocks over a stack of Bonkazonks.  There's several variations of the game, which you can get off of the included playing cards.From our kid's standpoint, this toy was incredibly fun for a while.  The little pieces bounced around, they were allowed to throw these little things around the family room, and anything with little Spiderman is a winner - even if it does look like a decapitated head.  Also, there are LOTS of other Bonkazonks to buy!  Similar to Mighty Beans, there are a LOT of different Bonkazonks to collect - all of which are from the Marvel Universe.  These can be traded, collected, and easily carried around in pockets - fun fun fun for kids!From the parent's point of view, this is a pretty crappy toy if your kids don't remember to put them away.  If you think stepping on Legos is bad, this is about as bad.  Also, heaven forbid if one of these little heads go flying under a couch or behind a dresser (we speak from experience).  However, your kids may be neater and more organized than ours.  Just be aware that the toys are not that big, the cards can get lost, and those there are just many little piece too keep of in general.  Of course, you can also buy a Bonkazonk storage kit to keep those little buggers from scattering all over the house.  I personally think this is an incredibly silly toy, but hey, when I was a kid paying for paper disks called POGS were cool, as years went by, buying weighted pill toys called MIGHTY BEANZ was cool, and in just the past few years, something called ZHU ZHU pets became the hot toy.  I really wouldn't be surprised if these Bonkazonks take off.  That said, we'll see where our kid's imaginations go with Bonkazonks.  They certainly don't play with it all the time, but like having little toys to carry around with them.All in all, it was pretty fun to play with, although this is more of a toy for those kids who love to collect things."
"My nephew got bored with this toy after about 10 minutes of play. I like to keep toys around for when my nephew and niece come to stay with me but this is not the toy to keep around. The pieces are very cheaply made...cheap plastic and cardboard. My nephew lost a few of the pieces the first time he played with it because they pieces are so tiny. The little toys did not bounce high or long so he couldn't knock down the blocks with them. Half the time when he went to bounce the little people off of the ""platform"" into the blocks, the blocks would fall down before the toy even got to them. Overall I am not impressed with this toy."
"I offered this to my seven year old for play and it took a while before he was even interested in opening it.  Upon giving it a try his initial response was that ""Bonkadonks are a disaster.""  He could not really figure out what to do with this or how to do it without help.  He could not enjoy it independently and was not even that interested in doing it together.  He played with it one time. I have put all the pieces in a zip lock bag so in the event that he decides to give it another go, that's our system for not losing toy parts.  It does fit conveniently in a quart size bag but that unfortunately is the best thing I can come up with to say about the product.  I do not recommend for ages five and up.  Maybe older children would be interested in it?  I admit I had a little fun bouncing the figures to the target but I don't think that moms are the target audience for this toy!!!  It looks interesting and is exactly what it claims to be but that doesn't seem to make it interesting or fun for kids in our experience."
my 10 year old grandson who loves all toys played with this for maybe all a half an hour and decided his little brother could have it (little brother being 3) but of course with the choking hazards the pieces are so small it is a very good chance. I hate to admit this but I could find nothing in this game that would excite too many kids.
My 5- and 10-year old boys couldn't wait to open this game!  The directions (written on the back of the box) were pretty easy to understand, and my 10-year old, who doesn't like to read, appreciated the fact that the directions were so easy and clear.  There are four ways to play the game: 1. Topple the Tower.  2. Aim, Bounce and Score.  3.  1 Shot for the most damage. 4.  Mystery Stunt (which you draw a card and see what the mystery card tells you to do).  Though my boys were excited to try the game, it didn't hold their attention for much more than three minutes.  In three minutes they had played all four games as listed above.  The characters included in this game are Iron Spider-man, Rhino, Green Goblin, Doctor Octopus, Spider-Man, and Black Costume Spider-Man.  The game comes with a long list of other characters that are each sold separately.  As is the case with so many games and toys for young children, the idea is to try to make the things collectible. I can safely say that this is something we won't be doing.  This toy has no educational value, lacks any real appeal for replayability, and is really kind of dum. I suppose it could teach kids to take turns?  This game has many pieces that would be choking hazards for children 3 and under, or for older kids that haven't learned to stop putting things in their mouth that don't belong. Also, it should probably be noted that because the general idea in this game involves tossing these toys to get them to bounce in a certain way/direction, it is not a great leap of the imagination that the tossing and bouncing will escalate in to out-and-out throwing. I don't know how things are in your house, but in my house we discourage throwing toys and don't like the idea of games that encourage throwing things in the house. Overall, we were disappointed in the BonkaZonks game and would not recommend it to others.
My pre-school aged son loves these toys and is really wanting to collect them all, he likes doing stunts with them and this makes it so easy! I had to get another set for a kid in his class for a birthday present because he is catching the craze from my son. I would recommend these for any Marvel crazed kid as they are fairly inexpensive and are a ton of fun.
"My eleven year-old son requested that I get this Spider-Man Stackrobatic Stunt game. It comes with six little figures with weighted bullet-shaped heads, some plastic blocks, a shallow plastic pan and a round rubber mat that looks a bit like a coaster. There are suggestions for four different types of games involving bouncing the little figures off the coaster, either to topple something or land inside something -- the ""something"" being whatever structure we build or make as a goal.My son was none too excited and immediately rated the game three stars, ""because it doesn't come with that many games,"" and later left his younger sister and me because it was ""boring.""My daughter, however, declared it five stars, because ""it's fun and we can make up our own games."" I played with her a while. I didn't think it too exciting, but she was into it. I can see kids collecting these little figures. They're cute and remind me of Boba Fett, but they tend to wobble on their heads like Weeblos.Overall, I'll average the children's scores and give it four stars."
I guess this is an attempt to cash in on the collectible toy craze, like squinkees.  My kids played with these for about 5 minutes before moving on and losing most of them under the couch. Now when I find them, I toss them in the garbage.My kids didn't find them very entertaining, nor did I to be honest.I originally got them because my son is a fan of spiderman, but these have nothing to do with any characters and it is really some decapitated heads with some really cheap accessories that I honestly can't see how would be any fun for anyone.The only way I would suggest getting this is if you already have Bonkazonks and know your kids like them. If they do like them, then they will likely enjoy adding these to the collection.  Otherwise, it is just more junk to throw away.
Bonkazonks Marvel Spider-Man Stackrobatic StuntThis is a cute toy but not very challenging.  My grandson enjoyed it but ended up using his Angry Birds launcher instead of this launcher.  He ended up combining it with his Angry Birds game which is very similar.  You build a tower and try and knock it down with various super heroes.  Considering the age group, I think some of the characters from that age groups TV shows might be more appropriate.  The only character he was familiar with was Spiderman.  The game is rated at five and up, I would rate it at five or six, it did not appeal to the eight year old at all.
