Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
We have several ride on toys, this one is one of our favorites, there are some cons though.  One is the piece at the front. . . it is there to prevent the scooter from tipping over which is great, but the problem is that when your child runs into you, as they inevitably will, that anti tip bar acts more like a battering ram.  And boy does it hurt.  I under stand the safety aspect and I like that it is there, however I wish they would have put some rubber coating or something that would help ease the pain that comes when the anti tip bar comes careening into you.  The pillow part is also attached by velcro which can be easily undone by my toddler.  This becomes a pain, but is not a major problem.  The handle on this scooter is great!  My son is happier riding on this one than his others!

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.09929332882165909,0.09879069030284882,0.11011578142642975,0.10342235118150711,0.09507493674755096,0.1012360081076622,0.10081251710653305,0.09860694408416748,0.09851682186126709,0.09413066506385803
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
A great fun and safe riding toy for toddlers.  My one year old is just starting to walk and this is a perfect toy for him while he's still getting used to balancing on his own.  It's low enough to the ground that he can get on and off it easily and the wheels are stable enough that it doesn't roll off without him.  The detachble nature of the toy is a great plus too since he can take the pillow part with him for nap time
My boys love this thing! They are 1(average for age) and 4(very small), but they are about the same size. It's the perfect size for both of them, but it is on the small size. I don't think it will be too long before they get too big for it. Of course, another little will be right behind them to give it more use!They have so much fun with it, of course I recommend it. But, there are a few MINOR negative issues I have with it.-Keep the instructions initially! Getting that handle attached is more difficult than it would seem. Also, you want to have some strong hands close by to push in the wheels. It was extremely hard for me to get them to pop in. I do admit my hands are pretty weak, and I am an exhausted pregnant momma. The average person might not have trouble with them, but I'd be on the safe side. :)-There are little velcro strips on the bottom that is suppose to keep the cloth in place. It doesn't work for us. It keeps coming loose as the boys play, and we have to constantly reattach it. Thankfully, it's not long enough to drag the floor too bad, so it doesn't create a tripping hazard.-My boys do tip off the back a good bit while riding. Since it's so small, it has never caused them harm. They jump back up and keep playing. I do think it surprised them the first couple of times, but they are used to it by now. It might not be the best toy for really young children just learning coordination, though.Overall, despite my small complaints, I still think this is a great toy that will provide lots of fun!
We have several ride on toys, this one is one of our favorites, there are some cons though.  One is the piece at the front. . . it is there to prevent the scooter from tipping over which is great, but the problem is that when your child runs into you, as they inevitably will, that anti tip bar acts more like a battering ram.  And boy does it hurt.  I under stand the safety aspect and I like that it is there, however I wish they would have put some rubber coating or something that would help ease the pain that comes when the anti tip bar comes careening into you.  The pillow part is also attached by velcro which can be easily undone by my toddler.  This becomes a pain, but is not a major problem.  The handle on this scooter is great!  My son is happier riding on this one than his others!
I like this toy because it is a soft frame (except for the handle) and the coaster wheels mean it can go fast and turn on a dime... which means my son loves scooting really fast all over the hardwood floors on this thing.  (Watch out for stairways or drop offs).The plushy seat is nice though because it makes it really comfy for him to ride.  It is removable so I suspect I can wash it if I need to, but I'll have to check to make sure I don't shrink it.  I didn't notice washing instructions.This little scooter is way more maneuverable than others we have had that were hard plastic with fixed wheels, which I think makes this one much more fun and easier to use.
"Never underestimate the power of fire trucks.This is a really neat toy. I didn't expect my kids to like it as much as they do, actually. My two-year-old almost wouldn't let me put it together. He tried to carry it off, and then threw a fit when I had to take it away.Thankfully, it goes together easily. Just snap in four caster-style wheels, insert and hand-tighten the plastic handlebar, and it is good to go. No screws, no batteries, no tools required. Yeah!There are a couple things that make the ""Little Tikes Pillow Racers Fire Truck"" (and other Pillow Racers, I assume) a cut above other similar ride-able and push-able toys. First off, it is soft, so it works equally well for riding or (as my six-year-old figured out) for extended sitting.Second, since the wheels are casters, the toy can not only be pushed in a straight line, it can be spun in a circle. The youngest being so spun by his older (and thankfully, careful) brother brought lots of giggles.A couple (possibly obvious) caveats to prospective buyers: Since the covering is cloth, it will wear, and it will need washed--and probably replaced--at some point. (Not sure if the Little Tikes company sells replacement covers, or not. Maybe at this price point it doesn't make sense.) Also, be sure to supervise your child! While there is a safety device to keep the unit from tipping, there is nothing--aside from his/her grip--to keep your child from tipping off on their own. Make sure they're old enough, and make sure their playmates understand: safety first.All in all a really fun toy. I recommend it."
This is a great little scooter/riding toy.  It moves pretty fast which you need to be careful of but the kids LOVE it!!  It is soft and cushiony yet it moves really well in the house. Removing the pillow is a great addition to this toy too!  I would definitely recommend this toy to others.  The kids will love it!!  I promise you.  : )
This is a great ride-on toy for 1-3 year olds IF they have hard wood/linoleum/tile floors they can ride on.  This toy does not ride on carpet.  It is a soft material except for the handle, bottom and wheels, which is nice.  The fire truck is really nice, but it is also available in animals and other cute characters.
This pillow racer isn't very complex. It's basically a big hollow plastic box with a handle, casters on the bottom (like for an office chair) and a big handle to grab, but our one-year-old boy (and his pre-school aged older sisters) love it!He had a big grin from the time we gave it to him and he still loves playing with it, which is a lot more than we can say about most of his other toys.
My two-year-old absolutely loves this fire engine pillow racer.  It is comfortable and taller than other similar bike like products, which means her legs are not scrunched up and she can scoot around very easily.  The wheels allow for 360 degree turns and allow the bike to go very fast whereas the more traditional bike design toys are harder to maneuver for younger kids.  It was super easy to assemble; plugging in four wheels and attaching the handlebar required no tools.  The very first day my daughter refused to get off of her new pillow racer for quite some time and it's the first thing she runs to when it's time to play.
"I gave the Little Tykes Pillow Racers Fire Truck to my nearly year old grandson and it was a big hit, not only with my little grandson, but also with his nearly 4 year old brother!!  This ride-on toy is a BIG pillow that comes with wheels.  It took Grandpa about a minute to attach the wheels to the pillow once it was out of the box.  My grandson is not yet walking (but he's close!), so I suppose he's not ""officially"" a toddler yet, but he got that hang of pushing with his feet right away.  I should probably mention that someone has always been with the little guy when he ""rides"" on his Fire Truck, since he's a little unsteady when the pillow starts moving.  But, in a few months, I'm sure he'll be able to ride on his own.  He squeals with delight when we ""fast push"" him around the floor!!  As with every toddler riding toy with which I'm familiar, the Little Tykes Pillow Racer travels much more easily and faster, on non-carpeted floors.  There are two features that I especially like:1.  Since the toy is a pillow, it's a nice soft surface to land on (due to unusual boarding methods) and if the Fire Truck ever tips (which it has only done with my older grandson performing some speedy manuevers)it's also nice knowing that it's a very soft truck that may land on parts of the driver.2.  The wheels turn in a way that allows older toddler daredevils to do spins and wheelies on the way to the ""fire.""This toy is very popular and occasionally has to be put away due to its popularity in the kitchen, but the million dollar smiles on my grandsons' faces when they ride the Pillow Racers Fire Truck far outweigh any inconvenience.  It's been in use for almost a month and no ""break-downs"" from wear and tear yet.  This may not be the most educational toy on the market, but it's super fun - so I am highly recommending it."
