Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
There was a board game that came out in the 1990s called &#34;Don't Make Me Laugh&#34; from Lolofun. The game reviewed here is from Zobmondo and it arrived in the last year or so. I don't believe there is any connection between the two games other than the name.The core part of this game, which is acting out silly scenes, works well and is good fun. The award system, however, is overly complicated. The game operates in rounds, with the first being solo acts, then partner acts, then a group act. After each round, players are to vote on five different categories by placing voting chips in felt cups. The five awards are chosen from a stack of many awards at the start of the game. Each player casts three votes per round provided that you don't vote for yourself and you don't give all your chips to one player/team. I appreciate the intent of the award/voting system; rather than a big winner and a bunch of losers, performances are critiqued for different qualities, and awards get spread around. With our family of younger children, we found it best for the parents to handpick the awards. For example, a five year old has no trouble judging &#34;silliest,&#34; but &#34;most committed&#34; in the context of a raucous game is hard to comprehend.The game is mostly well made. The box, cards, felt cups, and voting pieces were of decent quality. The colored bracelets (for identifying who you wish to vote for) don't fit adults. The clown nose, which the directions recommend passing around among the players for the sake of levity, isn't going to happen. Our kids get sick enough.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.028741683810949326,0.028553245589137077,0.02805989794433117,0.028678689152002335,0.028655726462602615,0.028588861227035522,0.0287339985370636,0.02834533154964447,0.028596414253115654,0.02817540615797043,0.028654832392930984,0.028910383582115173,0.028672877699136734,0.02855963259935379,0.028569266200065613,0.029139239341020584,0.02880723401904106,0.02848810888826847,0.028655219823122025,0.02853911742568016,0.028538072481751442,0.028809137642383575,0.028494814410805702,0.02886497601866722,0.0284359622746706,0.02927376888692379,0.028593329712748528,0.028433769941329956,0.02976929396390915,0.02855890616774559,0.028661945834755898,0.028047870844602585,0.02726435288786888,0.02809116430580616,0.028037523850798607
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
"As a family, we have tried since the first of the year to do more things together, and that now includes eating at the dining room table each night as opposed to in front of the television (sometimes together, sometimes in separate rooms).  We have started incorporating board games into our dinner and post-dinner routine to stimulate conversation and have fun as a group.  I hoped that this ""Don't Make Me Laugh"" game would be a fun charades-like game that we could play.  And it was indeed fun, though it was surprisingly not much of a game.I knew from the product description that this was less a charades guessing game and more about simple creative (and silly) performance with awards that boost confidence and encourage creativity.  You can try to follow the rules of the game, or like others (including my family) you can just use the cards and accoutrements and make it up as you go along.  If you go that route, you'll probably have a lot more fun and appreciate ""Don't Make Me Laugh"" even more.  My five-year-old loved this, and we had lot of fun together.  Be warned that this is best played with your immediate family, close friends, and/or little kids.  Anyone that's a bit shy will likely be very embarrassed.All in all, this is recommended if you need a game to bring the family together.  It's silly fun."
Five members of my family played this game. Two adults and kids ages: 17, 13, & 11. It is a pretty fast paced game but can be slow due to it taking a few moments for the players to decide who deserves which token at the end of the rounds.The game is for ages 5 and up and for 2 or more players. Although the title is &#34;Don't Make Me Laugh&#34; - the goal is TO LAUGH. It's played in three rounds. Solo Act - the person acts out on their own; Partner Play - choose someone to help you act out your card description; and All Play where everyone does what their card says at the same time. At the end, every player gives out three &#34;awards&#34; (I call them tokens) to the other players. The winner is the one who received the most awards.Contents are: 100 Improv cards, 17 award title cards, 1 clown nose, 5 cloth goodie bags, 55 award tokens, 15 jelly bands (look like bracelets), and a parent guide.So, for some creative silliness with your young kiddos, I recommend this. My 13 year old didn't care for it but my other two really got into character and had fun with it.
As my kids grow up, getting them involved in games that challenge their imagination is a really cool thing.  As adults, we love playing games that cause us to think outside the box, but for every &#8216;Apples to Apples&#8217; there doesn&#8217;t seem to be a direct counterpart for young ones, especially those who are not in school yet.  When I saw &#8216;Don&#8217;t Make Me Laugh&#8217;, I got really excited.  This looked like it could be the game for my kids.  It was, for them.  My kids love to laugh and play and act and pretty much be the center of attention, which is required for fun gameplay.  Sadly, not every child is like that.  The tone of &#8216;Don&#8217;t Make Me Laugh&#8217; can change rather abruptly when a kid that is shy or reserved or just plain unimaginative gets up to play.  Then it becomes rather dull.Gameplay here is also in need of some improvement.  The idea of handing out awards works to a certain degree, but kids are inherently competitive and so doling out awards to only a handful of kids is sure to spark scorn and hurt feelings, and that is never fun.  Keeping score is also hard if you give awards to everyone, since how do you tell which awards are better than the others?  Some of the awards are also a tad hard to award, since some kids just aren&#8217;t any of those things (my niece in particular just sits that and giggles embarrassed like and snorts and then gets off our little stage, but she&#8217;s also the first kids to break down and cry if she doesn&#8217;t get an award).Also, the &#8216;All Play&#8217; round can be a tad confusing, clunky and hard to judge.But, for all the little quibbles, my children LOVE this and it does give them stuff to do, act out and have fun and getting involved is also pretty cool, just make sure the kids in your life have active imaginations, otherwise there will be a lot of sitting and awkward laughter&#8230;and not the good kind of awkward laughter.
There are some board games out there that can be fun regardless of who's playing, simply because they're fun games (Trouble, Sorry, etc.).There are some other games, though, that require fun PLAYERS to make a fun game.  This is one of those.  Make sure you have some actually fun people playing and you'll have a good time for real!
My oldest children are 5 and 2(almost 3), so we didn't play this &#34;by the rules&#34;. It gets a little too complicated for them right now.It IS great for making us laugh, though, and giving us ideas of silly things to do.I'm a little social phobic AND shy, and my middle son seems to be following in my footsteps. This is a perfect game to make him more comfortable in his own skin, and pull him out of his shell. I'll definitely be keeping it around through the years to play the correct way. Honestly, I couldn't imagine playing it in a group of people, other than my children. You'll really have to be comfortable being silly in front of other people for this game to work for you!Overall, it's a fun game if you're comfortable being silly in front of other people.
This is a fun and enjoyable game. The kids and adults can act out things in a very silly way. There were a lot of laughs with this game, and it's something you can play again and again. I think it would be very good for parties. The scoring can be a little complicated but you can always adjust it to work more for you. I would recommend this game.
This is a good tool to allow children ways to express themselves. If children are especially shy, the whole group could act everything out rather than focusing on one individual. I'm always tempted to make up my own scenarios, but then I like to break rules. In this game that seems to be okay.
Don't Make Me Laugh is a decent game with the potential for fun and laughter but it depends who you play with. If you have kids prepare for a likely devolution into potty humor. Adults might not be much better as our group had a rather crude session. All in all we did enjoy the game but it gets old fast and I don't see us playing it frequently as we tend to enjoy strategy games more. That is just a person opinion. I think that the people who will have the most fun with this would be a close group of teens. My older son can at the game with some interesting and often funny results.
As long as you have a pretty outgoing group, this game can work well. We had one or two more reserved folks and they had a hard time with the game. This is a family game so is safe for the whole group.
My kids love this game because they get to be silly and they get to watch their parents be silly.  Also, they love it because both of them will win some type of award (Best Performance, Most Enthusiastic Performance, Silliest Performance, Bravest Performance, or Most Creative Performance).  I like that everyone (if playing with 5 or less players) can win something rather than just one winner (a big problem between our two daughters).  My girls, ages 6 and 8, enjoy being able to perform on their own, with a partner of their choice, and then as a family.  If you have a timid one in your group I&#8217;d suggest starting with partner or group acting first to warm them up.Here is why I just like it rather than love it.  The bracelets that you are supposed to wear to show which color bag is yours does not fit the adults.  It does not stretch therefore doesn&#8217;t work on my husband or I.  The clown nose is made of hard plastic and hurts when I wear it.  No one else has complained about it which makes me wonder if my nose is THAT large?  However, the kids enjoy wearing it and making mom or dad wear it too.  The coin dispensing is slightly complicated.  There are five to give out (listed above) but each person is supposed to only give out three after each round.  I have to read off which color is for which award several times.With that being said my 8 year old requests to play this nearly every day!  However, my husband and I can only take it in small doses and probably play it once a week.  This will be a great game to supervise when their friends come over.
Me, my wife and daughter have played this a bunch of times and it is a lot of fun but I wouldn't get too caught up in all of the rules.  If you can just have fun acting out the silly topics on the cards and score for who you like the best this game is a lot of fun.  If you are someone who likes to play by the letter of the rules then you can get a bit frustrated with the complexity.  Relax, be silly and act it out with your family and friends.  You will have lots of fun this way :)
Don't Make Me Laugh is a fun game for the entire family.  You get to act out what's on the cards, alone or in a group, but either way, things get super silly.  Works well with all age groups.
When I was little and the game show &#8220;Make Me Laugh&#8221; was on television, my younger sister & I used to improve and play this game when we were bored. We were fascinated by the Unknown Comic.  We were not allowed to put bags over our heads- I guess we were waiting for him to pass out - (my mother never specified paper vs plastic)!!When I saw this game, those were the memories that came to mind.  I thought that this game might be a modern day version of Make Me Laugh. Nope.  I thought this would be a hit with my kids. Nope. We did have fun, though.  Here&#8217;s the thing, when the voting comes into play&#8230;three boys start to argue. Much as they do about who is better at anything they discuss.  This is not much fun. At least it isn&#8217;t for me. So, we improvised and made the game more fun.Removing the voting, thinking &#8220;out of the box&#8221; (there is more than one way to be a sprinkler&#8230;or any of the items on the card&#8230;come on now&#8230;the cards do not replace the creative aspect of the game&#8230;they are prompts&#8230;the player is who controls the creativity), we made it more like the &#8220;Make Me Laugh&#8221; that I remember, or &#8220;Don&#8217;t Make Me Laugh&#8221;.  This removed all chances of fighting because we were immediately all losers since none of us could resist laughing. Much better.P.S. A clown nose can be used on top of your head like a little police siren. Put on the tip of your finger like ET&#8230;or representing an alien or something other than on the nose spreading germs.  Bracelets can be put over your ears or twirled on your fingers and used as different clues. Out of the box&#8230;.
Let's face it, games are a matter of taste just like movies or books. If you like a serious strategy game like Risk or a game with a definite winner and loser like Monopoly than Don't Make Me Laugh will not be your game.On the other hand, if you like a game that makes people get up, act out some improvisational premises, get silly and do embarrassing (but good-natured) things and you don't really care if there is a winner because the point of the game was to have fun...well, Don't Make Me Laugh may be what you are looking for.This is a great game for families but would also work well for youth groups and even school theater groups. The rules may have to be adapted, but that it is easy enough to do.
This is a clever spin on the old classic &#34;Charades&#34;.  I think the group participation makes this a different and unique game, instead of just one person acting out at a time. There are &#34;solo&#34; cards in this game too, but the game really gets fun when everyone is acting out the cards.
Our family pulled out this game to give it a try on family night. I was confused a bit by the instructions, figuring it was a charades game at first. But it's not a charades, but an &#34;acting out&#34; game, where you get to test our your inner artist to act out the unique situations listed on the cards. You will want to carefully read the game in advance, and possibly have someone nail down the rules you want to use (and then adjust later as you want).There are 3 types of acting cards. SOLO, PARTNER (DUO) & ALL PLAY. They suggest doing a round where everyone does solo, then a round of duo, then an all-play round.Each act can be rewarded with a choice of rewards tags which you can give the person who you think deserves them and they collect them in their cute little felt pouch.A clown nose is included just for silliness, and I think it would be good to come up with a reason a person has to wear it to act out their card.There is so much flexibility within the instructions, that the artsy-open type of personality will love it, but most people will want to pin down some ongoing rules in order to avoid rewriting the game each time you play.It comes with a generous amount of colored &#34;jelly bands&#34; (bracelets) which are hard to fit on the larger folks in our group, but are there to help you remember what people are what color.All in all, it's a fun party game that will get people giggling and going outside their comfort zone.  You could easily expand it to any sized group. Even just two people could mess around with the solo cards, but probably more fun for a group of 4 minimum.The cards, bags, rewards, are well made and will last a long while.If you have specific questions feel free to ask me below. and if you click YES that this was helpful, I do thank you! It gives me warm fuzzies.
This game is not for the shy types.  Basically you are given something to &#34;wildly&#34; demonstrate and then everyone votes on how funny your physical depiction was.  Families will have fun with this at all ages.  Adults may be a bit reserved until they've been primed with a few drinks.  Then, it can get pretty crazy.
This is a version of charades with sounds.The basic game is a series of rounds in which the players follow directions on a cardAt the end of a round, players vote awardsAt the end of the game, the one with the most awards winsSimple enough but this requires some real thought and produces a lot of real funThe tasks are PG allowing small children to play without worriesYou may need to simplify and/or explain for younger childrenMy 5-year old grandson plays and has great funI alter the game so that everyone has the same number of awards everyone winsThe game plays equally well with adults but here we have a winnerThis good family and company game is full of laughs and great fun
"We live in a world where every child receives a ribbon for finishing the race; where everybody is a winner; where everyone gets an award.Zobmondo took that philosophy and applied it to the classic game of charades, ""an acting game in which one player acts out a word or phrase, often by miming similar-sounding words, and the other players guess the word or phrase."" (Thank you, Wikipedia.)Don't Make Me Laughdispenses with the silent approach in favor of announcing what is about to be acted out, so the other players can vote/judge which player provided the best performance. But there are so many award categories, including Best Performance, Silliest, Bravest, Most Creative, Most Daring, Funniest, etc., that every player is assured to ""win"" something.I have two sons, ages 11 and soon-to-be 10, who are as comfortable with improvisation as they are with humor.Don't Make Me Laughseemed like a perfect fit, however that wasn't the case at all. The game was far too simple for their age. The box states the game is intended for ages 5 and up. I submit that the high end of that audience is age 7-8. My sons like charades and part of the reason they enjoy it is that they are developing the words and phrases that we act out. With ""Don't Make Me Laugh"" the creative aspect of the game is replaced with printed cards that provide three types of acting: All Play, Partner Play and Solo Act. These are self-explanatory and provide far less intrigue than you would imagine.In summary, ""Don't Make Me Laugh"" offers 100 Don't Make Me Laugh Improv Cards, 17 Award Title Cards, 1 Clown Nose (don't ask), 5 Cloth Goodie Bags, 55 Award Tokens, and 15 Jelly Bands for $24.99. I don't recommend it for children ages 10 and up. While I understand why it would appeal to younger children, I suggest your $25 would be better spent on lemonade, popcorn and the paper and pencils necessary to write your own cards for charades.Rating: Two stars.On a side note, I recently saw a Tumblr post that showed a table and four chairs with the heading ""My favorite game console."" Our family likes board games very much and we play them often, especially on our ""Friday Family Fun Nights."" That is why I wouldn't give ""Don't Make Me Laugh"" a one-star review. I hope Zobmondo forgoes its ""everybody wins"" philosophy with their next family board game. Kids can have fun without everyone receiving a ribbon or an award."
The front of this box indicates that this game can be played with 2 players. After reading the instructions it was clear to me that this in no way would work with 2 players. It would work with 3 players, but even then it wouldn't work well. I'd recommend having 4 or more players to make this game work. You need to vote for other players, and you can not vote for yourself. That really doesn't work with 2 players.The front of the box also indicates that the game is for 5+ years old players. This game requires reading and understanding of concepts though not complicated, are a little advanced for a 5 year old. I think the sweat spot for this game may be between 8 and 14 years old.
This is a nice activity to do as a family.  It really didn't come off to me as a game.  The kids (6 and 9) loved doing this as a family.  It taught a good lesson on being fare when handing out awards.  It also allowed for them to show their creative side and get a little funny, wild, crazy, etc.  We had a blast playing it, it def requires adult guidance with the rules, etc.  I would recommend for family fun.
My two boys (ages 11 and 7) thought this was lots of fun.  The bracelets didn't fit my wrist (although they fit my wife).  We didn't really do the voting, just used it as a charade type game.
We enjoy playing games as a family. This one can really make you laugh, if you play it when you aren't tired from work or in a bad mood. (My husband is only allowed to play on weekends!)  The scoring/reward system is not the easiest to understand. If a large group played then it would be worth it to learn how it works. I have to agree with another reviewer regarding the plastic clown nose. We won't be using it. It's the perfect way to spread those nasty germs! The colored bracelets probably should've either been made to stretch to fit an adult or maybe use something different......like colored pins for your shirt.Overall we enjoyed this game, especially my 17 yo daughter & I.  We just like to take turns with the improv cards!
We love to laugh, and we had a good time playing &#34;don't make me laugh&#34;My son in particular laughs an enormous amount, which makes it kind of a bad game for him.however, this game is better played after you have played something else as a warm-up.  When we are tired or otherwise not in a great mood then it doesn't work as well.
This game is full of fun ideas to act out.  We played it with our children, ages 4, 6, and 9 and had a blast.  They needed a lot of prompting for the individual parts, but on the team and free-for-all activities they did very well playing off of an parent.  There are a set of rewards, and the voting was a little confusing, so we kind of made up our own rules for that.  Everyone ended up with something nice said about their performances.The only real negative was there are colored bracelets to identify which color belongs with which player, but they were too small to fit an adult's wrist.  Otherwise a great game.
Our family is always on the look out for new games - we get SO tired of playing the same ones over and over and over... We thought that &#34;Dont' Make Me Laugh&#34; sounded like something our funny, outgoing family would like. Our kids are on the younger side, so it will be a game that we grow into. We had to modify our gameplay slightly for the younger kids, but we still all fully enjoyed the game. Lots of fun acting prompts, great ways to reinforce good behavior and build confidence. A fun family game!
My children, even the littlest ones, ask for this game often.  They love the clown nose and just like being able to act out the scenarios.  The judging is confusing for us, so we've had to make up our own system there, but it is a fun game and does make all of our family laugh.
Don't Make Me Laugh is a board game that is good if you are trying to give an equal chance to all players of all ages.  The game format is essentially this: draw a card.  Written on this card are instructions to do something silly. (&#34;Pretend to be a lawn sprinkler.&#34;) Then the players &#34;vote&#34; on who gets points.  (In this way it's sort of like a game version of &#34;Whose Line Is It Anyway?&#34;) But the scenarios are limited - so replayability is limited.  And in the scoring you are encouraged to vote for so many different categories it could become tedious - &#34;Best&#34;, &#34;Funniest&#34;, etc.  It reminds me of the societal tendency to reward EVERYONE who participates rather than those who have gone to the trouble (or been naturally gifted) to actually be exceptional.  Everyone SHOULD be encouraged to become exceptional - but the rules of the game almost plead with you to reward everyone who shows up.  If you're parents playing your elementary school children - that's good.  But if you're among a group of peers - the game encourages you to strain credulity.
There was a board game that came out in the 1990s called &#34;Don't Make Me Laugh&#34; from Lolofun. The game reviewed here is from Zobmondo and it arrived in the last year or so. I don't believe there is any connection between the two games other than the name.The core part of this game, which is acting out silly scenes, works well and is good fun. The award system, however, is overly complicated. The game operates in rounds, with the first being solo acts, then partner acts, then a group act. After each round, players are to vote on five different categories by placing voting chips in felt cups. The five awards are chosen from a stack of many awards at the start of the game. Each player casts three votes per round provided that you don't vote for yourself and you don't give all your chips to one player/team. I appreciate the intent of the award/voting system; rather than a big winner and a bunch of losers, performances are critiqued for different qualities, and awards get spread around. With our family of younger children, we found it best for the parents to handpick the awards. For example, a five year old has no trouble judging &#34;silliest,&#34; but &#34;most committed&#34; in the context of a raucous game is hard to comprehend.The game is mostly well made. The box, cards, felt cups, and voting pieces were of decent quality. The colored bracelets (for identifying who you wish to vote for) don't fit adults. The clown nose, which the directions recommend passing around among the players for the sake of levity, isn't going to happen. Our kids get sick enough.
Don't Make Me Laugh is a fun family game, great for parents with younger (five and up) children. The rules are pretty lenient and you're free to make up your own as you go. The gist is that there are three rounds played: single play, partner play, and all-play. Choose the correct card for the correct round and act it out (example: the president giving an important speech, or everyone make a surprised face at the same time). Then each person gets to vote on everyone's performance. Lots of laughs in one box, makes for a nice bonding time with the whole family.
I read the directions and decided to just make up my own to play with the kids.  It was similar to theirs but I used all the award cards to give a more variety of rewards and I put the tokens on each card.  This is one of those games where no one really wins because everyone gets a token each round.  You can make the gold coin tabs be the object to win and the person with the most gold tabs wins the game.  My kids said to put in my review that it was a fun, funnier, fun game.  Take that anyway you want.  I was not impressed with the gameplay but the way it got  you to be goofy as a family.  It is like acting out events in the silliest way possible.  Here are a few: Everyone act like you are shrinking, pretend to blow out huge candles, and pretend to be an opera singer.  Interesting to see how some kids act out things differently than adults.  We had fun laughing together and acting things out but the set up and presentation of the game itself is lacking.  You have four sets of cards, all play, solo play, partner play, and Award cards.  It also comes with a clown nose to wear but not sure why.  The direction say the clown nose is to be worn to loosen up and get comfortable being silly.  I thought this was pointless to the over all game.  We didn't even use it.  I tried it on and my daughter tried it but we both found the hard plastic to be to uncomfortable to wear.  With many more games to choose from there are better family games out there.  If you are looking for charade cards then this is for you.
My teenage daughter wanted to play this again and again, she was having so much fun! My husband and I did, too, particularly after we changed the rules.Don't Make Me Laugh is an improv game, which means the purpose of it is less about winning than it is about getting creative and having fun. It requires two or more players, and the more players you have, the more fun the game is. This isn't a competitive game, although players do give each other awards for categories like &#34;most creative&#34; or &#34;goofiest performance,&#34; and you can count the awards at the end, if you like.The game has three kinds of cards and three rounds. In the first round, you perform individually. In the second round, you perform in pairs. And in the third round, everyone performs at the same time. Cards say things like &#34;Pretend you are a mischievous dog playing at the park,&#34; &#34;Pretend to blow out a huge candle. One person is the candle. Be creative.&#34; And &#34;Everyone crawl around like a crab.&#34;The first time we played, we had fun--but we didn't find the game challenging enough. So we decided to shake things up.Now we have to try to perform the suggestions on both sides of the card at the same time.For example, pretending to be a mischievous dog playing at the park becomes a lot more challenging (and funny) when you're also pretending to be a general in the army. So now you're a mischievous dog who's trying to convince people he's an army general, shouting out, &#34;Left, right, heel!&#34;Of course, the game is perfect as is for families with smaller children, like kids between six and ten years old. I only wish it came with alternate rules, like the one we made up, for adults or older kids. I also wish it came with more cards.
Don't Make Me Laugh is a game that will get the kids and family away from the video games and television and just have fun with each other. The old social games we had back in the 50's and 60's only involved interactions with each other and nothing electronic. I can see why this game won several awards, as the social aspects of life have a lot to offer in today's computer, video anti-social world.The game itself is simple, and nothing is written in stone, so you can play it any way you like, as long as you like. You can play it in singles, doubles and all together. It is simply acting out funny situations, then everyone voting on whose was the best in several different categories. Each player or team gets a goodie bag with a matching jelly band bracelet. The goodie bag holds your token awards and when you decide to stop the game, the winner is the one with the most token awards.The game begins with someone saying Lights, Camera, Action. The first player chooses a card and then acts out the card. The cards only give directions of what you will do, such as Talk In Slow Motion, Pretend To Eat A Big Bowl Of Spaghetti or Pretend Your Feet Are Heavy. You can use your voice, props or any noises during the performances. At the end of the performance, you say applaud. There is a clown nose for anyone watching a performance to use to make it more silly, but the nose is made of very hard plastic and not comfortable to put on. If they made this clown nose out of soft foam, it would be better and make the audience have more fun.The 5 Award Categories are for Best Performance, Silliest Performance, Most Enthusiastic Performance, Bravest Performance and Most Creative Performance. Since these 5 tokens are not written on, you can even make up your own categories, if you like. This is a game that lets you make up your own time allowance and even make up your own categories for awards- which gives you a lot of freedom in how you want to play and for how long. One of the group cards said for everyone to put on their very best surprise face. When we were all doing this, it reminded me of an Actor's Studio where people learn to act, so this game may be a sounding board for a future actor who enjoy's performing in front of an audience. This Award Winning 4 Star Game will definitely get family and friends together for some fun social time and may even inspire a budding actor in your family!
The concept is good.  Pull a card.  Act it out as silly and as fun as you can and everyone will vote for the best performance.  But, there are different categories; Most Unique, Best Performance, etc.  Everyone gets 3 award tokens and uses that to vote for the best.The confusing part is the whole scoring aspect.  Me, my daughter and wife played and we couldn't understand ths scoring. We read the instructions on game play, but it didn't make sense.  The box says 2+ players, but how would the scoring work with that?  You can't vote for yourself, so the scoring is meaningless.  I think for Team or larger groups, the scoring might make sense, but with smaller number of players it doesn't work.Also, the instructions don't say that you are to share the scene you are acting out or not.  So, we did let each of us know what we were doing.  We figured that because you are allowed to make noises or use props that it didn't matter if the others new or not.Also, there are several colored brands that the players wear.  Unfortunately, they are hard plastic and not elastic.  So, you either have to be a very small child, or have very small hands and wrists.  My daughter (11 years old) had to just hold the band and couldn't wear it.I like the colored bags that you place the award tokens in.  Those are nice.  Clown nose is useless because you wear it just to make the other players at ease.  But, not incorporated in the Gameplay itself.  I think that maybe the person acting the scene should be the one to wear the clown nose.  That would (maybe) add to the person's silly peformance.Overall, the concept is fun.  But, what fell short was the scoring and instructions.
We played this game with a seven and six year old and had a blast. It was easy to understand the rules and quick to learn. The scenarios to be played out, either solo, in pairs or in a group were fun to watch. Most of the cards were simple to read and the first grade, six year old did a fine job of reading and understanding 90 percent of them. He pretended to be a combo animal of bird and fish, a top chef and ride a bike down a hill while realizing that he had no brakes. He was rewarded with tokens for being silly and creative. His sister who is seven acted out several dramatic scenes and was happy to get a different set of tokens. This game give parents lots of leeway in giving compliments, recognition of talents and also provides a way to talk about working together , planning, and having fun in a non -combative, non -violent way.  I laughed out loud at some of the silly, crazy faces, dances and slapstick skits the the kids came up with. The seven year old loved wearing the clown nose, the rest of the family did not want to even try it on. I don't think having one one cheap plastic nose is a good idea to share with drippy nosed kids. Either include a few or non at all. A fun family game, especially if you have silly kids.
