Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
"To activate more features, be sure to flip the switch on the back of Baby Wanna Walk's neck to ON. Then press her tummy to activate play mode.Baby Wanna Walk is supplied with demo batteries. If she becomes unresponsive or her sound becomes erratic, replace the demo batteries with 4 AA alkaline batteries. To conserve battery life, turn switch on the back of doll's neck to OFF when the doll isn't being played with.Her outfit isn't designed to be removed, so it's no clothes changing for Baby Wanna Walk.She walks about 12"" or more at a time on our low pile carpet, but walks better on a smooth floor. She has never toppled over while walking.She has a sweet, clear voice. A few times, I heard her singing a little tune while she walked. When my granddaughter dropped her on her face, Baby Wanna Walk said, ""Oops, I'm okay...help me stand up...thanks mommy"" She has been dropped a few times & is still working fine.Even though Baby Wanna Walk is not very cuddly, my granddaughter loves to hug her...then Baby Wanna Walk says, ""I love you mommy."" (I heard that phrase more in TRY ME mode.)Tested & approved by grandmother & 18 month old granddaughter.Note: The product states for ages 3 & up so a younger child should be supervised while playing with Baby Wanna Walk."

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.05368157848715782,0.05466708168387413,0.05498618260025978,0.05952548608183861,0.05432348698377609,0.055768195539712906,0.05633432790637016,0.05315709859132767,0.06142732501029968,0.05451129004359245,0.05566632002592087,0.05724004656076431,0.05569926276803017,0.05576419457793236,0.05195362865924835,0.05515652149915695,0.05658848583698273,0.05354949086904526
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
"I come from a world where any doll that walks and talks is immediately creepy to me. I know that by having it around I am risking being stabbed in the foot by a tiny plastic hand that zings out from under a couch, or hear a ""please play with me"" in the middle of the night from a dark dark corner. That said, I chose this doll because a) there aren't many African american dolls out there that are cool and b) I was kinda hoping it WAS possessed and wanted to hang with me maybe scare the neighbors.Baby Wanna Walk is a cool doll. its interactive in a robotic and not alive way, but nevertheless its awesome. You hold her hand she says to hold tighter, and to walk with her, you hug her and she loves you, she has 45 - 50 sayings, you can brush her hair, put on different clothes...all the things you want a moderately priced doll to have especially if you're gonna feed her with batteries every once and awhile.I named her Tootie, cause she has the same hair as Tootie on The Facts of Life."
"This is a beautiful doll! She has a dark mocha complexion, big brown eyes, 2 straight pony tails and short bangs, and two cute pearly white teeth on the bottom.  If you push her tummy she says ""baby wanna walk"" and start to giggle plus she says a few more phrases that come out randomly. Now, I have to admit she speaks pretty clear for a ""baby"" just learning to walk, but we will forgive her for that because she is so darn cute!She does need to be on a relatively flat surface to be successful at walking, but don't all new walkers need that? She is a little hard to the touch, so she won't be a ""snuggle"" baby too much, but again - her thing is walking. She isn't a great walker, but ""back in my day"" dolls didn't walk at all, so let's just enjoy the magic!This would be a GREAT doll for a 3 or 4 year old that was getting a new baby sister/brother and wanted to be able to ""mother"" their own child. The recommended ages is 3+, but I think she would make a nice doll for a 2 year old as well.She comes ""demonstration"" batteries - meaning you need to change to your own pretty quickly or your daughter will be upset that baby stopped talking so soon!Even with 4 stars I say definitely get this precious little one. I have to admit I will probably be trying to ""kink"" her hair a bit as my daughter is all natural and loves the natural look. Maybe we will twist her up and see if we can get her some natural curls going on. However, she is adorable, fun, and my 5 year old enjoyed her immensely."
This Talkative, Walkative Doll Is Lots of FunThe Baby Wanna Walk is the cutest and most fun doll I've seen in quite awhile. I chose the African-American model because I planned to give it to a special young girl who will enjoy this more than other choices available.The child playing with Baby Wanna Walk can hold unto the doll's hands and help it take its first step and subsequent early steps. Then when the child thinks her/his doll is ready to walk unassisted the doll will respond and walk by itself.The doll comes with 40 different voices which are activated by pushing on its tummy. This doll, intended for ages 3 and older, is almost 14 inches tall and comes with 4 temporary use AA batteries. When you push on the doll's tummy she not only speaks but begins walking, sometimes wobbly, sometimes steady, but she never falls.Young children simply love Baby Wanna Walk and I feel confident your child will love this doll also. I know I did and can't wait to watch my special friend play with it.
Baby Wanna Walk has 4 main features: cuteness, good size, ability to walk and talk.  Over 40 phrases & sounds mostly related to walking are plenty to engage children aged 3 & up.  The broad range of the ways to play with the doll includes pretending that it is a child, helping to walk, listening, giving love & care.  They allow to create endless situations and mimic family various activities that may keep an imaginative child occupied.  The toy is made of durable plastic easy to clean and to keep sanitized.  However, it is too hard for cuddling.  The batteries in the feet contribute to good stability.  The toy is well designed, quite robust, but not for dragging, and seems unique.
"This doll has a very simple design:  you push a button on its tummy and it will respond with either a spoken message (e.g., ""I love you, mommy"") or a spoken message plus some walking for a few seconds.  The tummy button responds to very low pressure, so the doll will easily start talking even for young children who don't have enough strength or fine motor skills to press stiff buttons.  Indeed, when my 2-year-old daughter picks up this doll and hugs it, that is usually enough for the doll to start talking.The main differentiating feature of this doll is that it cleverly ""learns"" to walk.  It will learn faster if you guide it along, but my 2-year-old couldn't quite master how to hold the doll's hands so that the doll registered it was being helped.  Nevertheless, over time, the doll got better on its own.The biggest surprise to me about this doll is that it is remarkably stable.  It will walk on hard and carpeted surfaces without falling over.  It is easy for a small child to pick up the doll and put it back down on its feet without haveing to be too careful about balancing the doll.My one complaint about the doll is it's use of the word ""wanna"" as in ""I wanna walk.""  I would rather the doll use proper English so as to teach children the proper way to speak.All in all, this is a fun doll that appears to be well-made and durable."
Actually saw video demonstration of the Baby Wanna Walk from the New York Toy Expo and I was very excited for ours to arrive. My three year loves her Baby Alive My Baby Alive and was eagerly awaiting her new baby doll. When Baby Wanna Walk arrived we had fun pushing her belly while she was in the box and having her talk to us. Baby Wanna Walk was easy to remove from her packaging (which was good because my daughter couldn't wait she was so excited) and a snap to set up-just push her button to on, touch her tummy and hold her hands. However, my daughter was completely freaked out and begged me to take the dolly back to the store. A day has passed and my daughter wants nothing to do with her Baby Wanna Walk.My child is three and a half so maybe it would appeal to older girls more? The doll is beautiful, has the nice voice typical to the Baby Alive dolls but it does not seem that you can remove the clothes on this doll which limits play. The doll has the movement when walking of a young baby taking first steps. To me there does not seem to be a lot to do with this doll, and as my own child is not interested I rate it 3/5.
"First, let me say how cute this doll is.  I love the pig tails and big eyes.  I was a huge doll fan when I was a kid and would have loved one of these.  This doll is too hard to be a snuggly bedtime favorite, but I think little girls like variety and they like dolls that do things.  When I was little I liked the dolls that ate and wet.I think I like the phrases the doll says even better than the walking.  It's so cool how she reacts when she falls down, saying ""Whoa!"" or ""Oops!"".  I agree, it might be nice if the doll didn't only say ""Mommy"" because little boys are sure to love her, too, but I can see how Hasbro would play the odds and know more little girls will have these than boys.I recommend this doll for any little kid aged 2 and up."
"I got this doll for my 6 year old daughter who has been wanting one of these baby alive dolls for awhile. She was so excited when it arrived and I was happy that it was fairly easy to take out of the packaging. We immediately put her down on our low pile capeting and low and behold she walks! It is as easy as pressing on her stomach. Then the doll asks you to hold her hands and she begins to walk! She goes quite a distance both on our carpet and on the tile in our kitchen. She wobbles back and forth quite a bit; so much so that I thought she would topple over but she never does! A previous reviewer stated that the doll does not go very far but I'm thinking that if this happens to you replace the doll's batteries because our doll walks a full foot in each ""walking session"". The doll is not very cuddly but she does sit down and my daughter is smitten with her. This is definitely a great doll for any little girl who likes to play mommy!"
"To activate more features, be sure to flip the switch on the back of Baby Wanna Walk's neck to ON. Then press her tummy to activate play mode.Baby Wanna Walk is supplied with demo batteries. If she becomes unresponsive or her sound becomes erratic, replace the demo batteries with 4 AA alkaline batteries. To conserve battery life, turn switch on the back of doll's neck to OFF when the doll isn't being played with.Her outfit isn't designed to be removed, so it's no clothes changing for Baby Wanna Walk.She walks about 12"" or more at a time on our low pile carpet, but walks better on a smooth floor. She has never toppled over while walking.She has a sweet, clear voice. A few times, I heard her singing a little tune while she walked. When my granddaughter dropped her on her face, Baby Wanna Walk said, ""Oops, I'm okay...help me stand up...thanks mommy"" She has been dropped a few times & is still working fine.Even though Baby Wanna Walk is not very cuddly, my granddaughter loves to hug her...then Baby Wanna Walk says, ""I love you mommy."" (I heard that phrase more in TRY ME mode.)Tested & approved by grandmother & 18 month old granddaughter.Note: The product states for ages 3 & up so a younger child should be supervised while playing with Baby Wanna Walk."
This baby has her mouth open ~ and big bright eyes with a playful expression.One look and our grand-daughter was very excited to help the baby walk.Most of her phrases are about walking, which is entertaining,and continuous encouragement for play and  interaction.Baby Wanna Walk, wobbles from side to side in the cute way a toddler would.When you push her belly and take hold of her hands she says, 'hold my hands please' and she'll start to walk.After a few steps she says 'let me try by my self' then she'll take off walking alone, humming and talking.Her hips and shoulders are jointed, she'll sit down, and her arms will rotate from front to her sides.When she's sitting down, push her belly and she says 'help me stand up' ~ among other things.She's a cute and well made African American doll, and is supposed to have over 40 phrases/sounds.However I don't think we've heard them all yet, but she sure giggles a lot.The baby uses 4 AA batteries which are included.Be aware that her switch has three positions ~ Try me ~ Off ~ On.To conserve batteries when she not being played with for extended periodsswitch to off.
"It's really fascinating to see how this doll manages to wobble across our wood laminate floor without falling at all. I've grabbed her hands-one and then both, I've turned her around and left a box in front of her. She says many phrases over and over-switching up a bit now and then with a giggle or singing to herself. She'll ask her ""mommy"" to hold her hands to help her and then let go, so she can walk on her own.This doll can also tell if you don't touch her hands. She says that she loves you and then falls silent into the sleep mode. Even older kids will want to interact with her just to witness how she responds.We love the diversity. My daughter remarked how much the doll looked like her, so we felt an immediate connection even before changing her from DEMO to ON mode.This amazing doll is ideal for interactive play. It is yet another another addition to the ""Baby Alive"" collection for a child that wants to ""mommy"" her dolls. I would not recommend this doll for kids that want to submerge it in water (surface cleaning only) or cuddle much (hard plastic body and shoes-stiff and not cuddly at all) or drag it around.This doll's focus is walking both with and without your help. Nearly everything she says is centered on that. 4 AA batteries are in her feet (2 in each foot), weighing them down enough to keep her balanced while walking upright. This aspect of play seems very limited, but it's an interesting novelty and a technological achievement, for sure.For younger children, I see this best when combined with their other offerings for a more ""well-rounded"" pretend baby.A number of Baby Alive doll options are advertised on the side of the box-""Beautiful Now Baby"" for children who want to style the doll's hair, ""Baby All Gone"" for the child who wants to PRETEND to feed a doll (fake food on spoon disappears) and ""My Baby Alive"" one that you can REALLY feed (it comes through the other end as ""poop"" in the diaper).Afterwards, I found even MORE types of Baby Alive Dolls on Amazon, including versions like ""Baby's New Teeth"" that appears to grow two front teeth, ""Better Now Baby"" (have medical items to play doctor),""Splash n' Giggle"" (can be submerged in water to play swim, ""My First Doll"" (are infants), along with a variety of clothing and accessories sold separately.That's a lot...So whatever most interests your child-mine loves to help and teach, and has outgrown the need to cuddle a doll, so she can appreciate Baby Alive's ""Baby Wanna Walk"" on its own."
The Baby Wanna Walk, African American Doll is one of the sweetest doll that I have seen in some time. Just press her tummy and she says the cutest phrases and sounds. The doll actually walks by herself. Any little girl will just love this doll as my granddaughter does and reall enjoys playin with.
This doll is the cutest thing ever! I think it is one of the best out of the Baby Alive product line. It actually walks and talks! The only difference between this doll and the brunette doll(which I also have) Is that this one does not speak spanish. Other than that everything else is quite the same.Once you hold her arms up she starts walking...it looks pretty weird at first almost as if she is about to topple over. But once she gets going it's super cute... just like a real life toddler.This is a very basic doll which requires no asssembly or extra accessories. The hardest part is getting her out of the actual box so have your screwdriver and scissors ready.She is packaged very well.The doll does come with some demo batteries but I suggest you change them out with your own for longer run time. .There are tons of different baby Alive dolls and they are always coming out with something new and impressive.
"What a cute doll this is. Her sweet little voice cycles through various phrases during play/use.I was surprised that the walking function actually works as well as it does. We only had a few falls, but that was on thick, plush carpet. She will walk best on hard surfaces, or low carpet.She is just the cutest thing! She is not a doll that will be cuddled with so much though because she is hard bodied. Her arms are light weight & hollow plastic, giving a somewhat ""cheap"" feel, but if they were heavier, she probably wouldn't walk so well.This is a toy that you can count on it performing like it should. Alot of times, companies come out with these advanced toys with tons of features and they just don't work as advertised - this is not one of them. She walks and talks just like the commercials show and she will not disappoint your child with constantly falling over or otherwise malfunctioning.It is nice for toddlers to be able to interact with the doll and use some imagination, instinct, coordination, etc. Baby will ask for ""Mommy"" and the child can interact and give the help that is needed, fostering care and nurture.She also seems pretty durable. My neice dropped her on a natural stone floor and she didn't break or malfunction in any way, although it did seem like she hit the ground pretty hard.I'd say this is a toy that is orth the cost. She does what is advertised and seems like she will hold up well to normal use."
"I wanted to really like this doll but she just didn't hold up to normal play wear and tear.  After 2 weeks of play she is not moving forward but walking in place and she thinks she is laying down when she is standing.  But if you are a bit handier than me and want to mess with it... read on!When we got her the 2 year old just loved on her like crazy... carrying her around, getting her to walk, imitating her little sayings ""I love you Mommy!"".  My 4 year old daughter was a little less inclined towards her but still enjoyed playing with her here and there.  My 8 month old baby LOVED her, especially when we laid her down and ""tickled"" her and she laughs. I would lay the doll down next to her (under supervision because of the hair!)  and she would just touch her and love it when she made noise or wiggled. That was one thing I really like about the doll: she not only walks and responds to all your cues and whether she is laying down or not, but she also has a cute little ""tickling"" mode where she will laugh and giggle while you push the button on her tummy and she is laying down.  She is very smart about if she is laying down or ready to walk, etc...  and will wait for you to hold her hand to start walking.  I found her able to walk on both hardwood and on our medium length pile rug VERY neat.  If only it had held up that is.Now the doll is occasionally working properly and although I still love her and the kids love her, she definitely has more limited capability because she won't always walk when you want her to and then when she does she has a tendency to not actually walk forward.  So bear in mind that she may take a little fiddling with to get to work again if you go for her.  She has some REALLY neat features otherwise!"
"Baby Wanna Walk is a hard plastic doll that walks and talks when you press her tummy.  She comes equipped with demo batteries so you can test her out right away, but plan on having 4 AA batteries on hand to replace the temporary ones when they run out.Marketed for kids ages 3+, this doll would make a nice holiday gift.  She can walk by herself and ""knows"" when you are holding her hands.  She says over 40 sentences in a cute cheerful voice.This Baby Alive Baby Wanna Walk has fixed eyes and mouth.  She has dark brown/black hair that is tied up in two ponytails, secured with pink ribbons.  She wears purple shorts and has a colorful blouse with a dog on it.Of course, we adults know that babies walk long before they can talk in full sentences, but this is just a doll, and it's for fun.Overall I find this doll to be quite cute and fun.  I think a 3 or 4 year old would love to have her but I honestly can't predict how long Baby Wanna Walk will be a favorite toy, in this electronic age.  She's not too cuddly, being made of hard plastic and if her batteries run out, she's not going to do anything other than be a doll.  That used to be enough, but even some 3 year old kids these days know how to use their parents cell phones and text.  So this year, give the girl a Baby Alive doll, but next year, you'll be ponying up the the dough for a PS3 or IPOD."
"My toy tester is three years old and is absolutely in love with this doll! She walks and she talks. She does not have a loud and annoying voice, but a rather cute one. I know that one reviewer said that her doll wasn't walking right after two weeks, to her, I suggest using new Alkaline batteries. The batteries that come with the doll are only meant for test purposes.  We have had hours of fun with ""Anna"", our doll. She has mesmerized the adults that have come over! The children have laughed. I do think it is a bit overpriced for a doll though.  For the fun and smiles, it is worth it!  ENJOY!"
Hasbro has made one of the cutest interactive walking dolls that your children will thoroughly enjoy. Baby Alive Baby Wanna Walk (African American Model) is unbelievably sturdy, made of a very heavy plastic and with the 4 AA batteries she takes in her feet, give her great balance as well. She has beautiful hair styled in bangs with short ponytails tied in bows and is dressed in a darling purple, blue and pink outfit with a cute dog on the front. She has a sweet face with 2 tiny baby teeth.She talks and walks while all the time interacting with the child. When your child holds her, she tells how much she loves her mommy. When your child holds her hands while walking, the doll knows and says things like Hold On Tight and Don't Let Go Mommy. When your child lets the doll walk alone, the doll says things like Look At Me I'm Walking and I Love To Walk. When the doll walks to the child and the child hugs her, the doll says things like I Did It, Hi Mommy I Wanna Walk and I Love To Walk. In all the doll says around 45-50 sayings, almost all pertaining to walking, giggling, laughing and loving her mommy.The doll toddles like any real life new walker, making it all the more believable that she is a new walker. The only thing I wish Hasbro would have kept in mind when making this very fun interactive doll, was to let her say a couple Daddy statements for the little boys who do play with their sisters. The boys in the family found the doll fun and fascinating too and would have liked to hear how much the doll loves them too. This doll is not cuddly, but very sturdy for interacting and walking and made for children 3 years and up.
