Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
"I ordered this guitar for my three year old niece because, like all kids, she loves music and messing around with levers and switches and whatnot.  Right off the bat, I was disappointed when I opened the box to find a flat decal on the face of the guitar.  The whole thing is activated by 'touch' sensors, so there are no protruding buttons on the guitar!  Lame!  It looked like fun with all the different buttons and effects, but it looks more like one of those Paper Jamz guitars you get at Walgreens.  LeapFrog recently launched a line of Touch Magic toys, with this guitar being one of the first items in the series.The actual sound is pretty good.  There are options for drums, crowd noise, vocals on or off, and guitar solos and flourishes.  A nice range of options.  It only comes loaded with 10 songs, but 10 is a lot better than just one song, over and over and over.The flat face is the biggest letdown, but it is easy to wipe down.  It also comes with a nice little guitar strap, and it is very lightweight overall.  I'd say the general length of the guitar is about 18"", just right for a small child, and its fairly thin, not bulky at all.The original MSRP was $39.99 for this item, which I would say is outrageous, but at half that price, for a kid who loves playing with musical toys, it's not a bad deal."

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.04046684503555298,0.039007898420095444,0.04008825495839119,0.04206358268857002,0.03980434313416481,0.03874954208731651,0.04200480133295059,0.04160579666495323,0.03932482749223709,0.04004168137907982,0.03935531899333,0.03993549197912216,0.03919604793190956,0.03972385823726654,0.0410383865237236,0.03995821252465248,0.038930948823690414,0.03963632881641388,0.0401376411318779,0.03961640223860741,0.03984186425805092,0.04087080806493759,0.038884494453668594,0.03980527073144913,0.0399114154279232
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
This guitar is something that my daughter has been having fun with.  She's not 3 yet, but it's definitely possible for her to play with it and have fun.  I gave it 3 stars overall because there are some design flaws that make it less intuitive and even less fun.Pros:* Good variety of songs - The 10 songs that the guitar plays are not bad, with some familiar tunes and a few that they seem to have written for the toy.* Nice features while playing - If you hold down one button while strumming, it will change the guitar part to an electric guitar.  If you hold down another button, it will take away the vocals and just play an instrumental version of the song.  You can also strum quickly to make the song play at high speed.Cons:* The biggest issue with this toy is the flat surface.  I imagine that Leap Frog finds this to be a big improvement over buttons, but I disagree.  It's harder for my daughter to use the toy, and even as an adult it's less fun and harder to tell if what you are trying to do is working.* The power button looks very similar to the other buttons (flat and round) and not having the power button distinguished from the others means that my daughter often turns it off without realizing in the middle of playing.Overall, it's a decent toy, but hopefully Leap Frog will continue to work on improving the design.
"First of all, my four year old son thinks that this guitar is a hoot. He has so much fun playing ""Rock Star"", dancing to the tunes and trying out all the different sound effects.That said, as a parent, I am not quite es enthusiastic.My biggest complaint would be that you cannot really ""play"" this guitar - there are only pre-programmed songs that you can strum along to, manipulating the speed with which they play. The songs are : The Alphabet Song, Rockin' Robin, You're a Rock Star, Rainbow, Strum Strum Strum, Having fun together, Taking Turns, If you're happy and you know it, Itsy-Bitsy Spider, Pop goes the Weasel.So, no ""free play"", but quite a good selection of children's songs. And than there are additional sound effects that you apply: Applause, Silly Sounds, Percussion. Enough to keep a four year old busy and interested for a while. But it really would be nice if he just could play his ""own"" music. But for the relatively cheap money they are asking, this would probably too much to ask.The guitar is somewhat tiny and very light weight - the ideal toy to bring along on a road trip.You have the choice between two volume settings, and the ""low"" setting is actually quite bearable, even for an extended period of time.Cleaning the surface should be no problem, it is out of plastic (like the whole guitar ...) and totally flat.The little manual claims that this toy has all kinds of good effects on your child, like promoting social skills, fostering creativity, and helping to build motor skills. Well, let's say that the imagination of the designers is probably bigger than the practical application of this toy. As I stated before, it is fun to play with for my four year old, and certainly a better investment in your child's future growth than a BB gun (... you'll shoot your eye out ...) or a Zombie puppet."
"We are a huge fan of leap frog toys, but this one really let us down.  I understand the touch magic concept, my little boy did not.  I just think that kids are motivated by the sensory experience, my son loves pushing buttons which of course the touch magic lacks.  I know, that's the point of ""touch magic"", but it truly just fell flat for us.  Maybe for a 5 year old and up the lack of physical buttons won't be a problem, but I guess my son needs actual buttons.  Basically the guitar plays a random song and the child can add in some effects while the song is playing.  So the child is not actually playing any notes or music, it's the equivalent of hitting the play button on iphone, then you hit the ""buttons"" for the sound effects (children clapping, whammy bar sound, drum beat, song speed up); it's almost like a mini DJ kit in the shape of a guitar.  The size of the guitar is perfect and the guitar strap is genius!  My son loved walking around with the guitar around his neck like a real musician.  I am thinking that the touch magic concept is hit or miss for some people.  I am sorry to say that we didn't love it.  I would love to see actual buttons and the ability to actually play atleast a couple of notes."
"I ordered this guitar for my three year old niece because, like all kids, she loves music and messing around with levers and switches and whatnot.  Right off the bat, I was disappointed when I opened the box to find a flat decal on the face of the guitar.  The whole thing is activated by 'touch' sensors, so there are no protruding buttons on the guitar!  Lame!  It looked like fun with all the different buttons and effects, but it looks more like one of those Paper Jamz guitars you get at Walgreens.  LeapFrog recently launched a line of Touch Magic toys, with this guitar being one of the first items in the series.The actual sound is pretty good.  There are options for drums, crowd noise, vocals on or off, and guitar solos and flourishes.  A nice range of options.  It only comes loaded with 10 songs, but 10 is a lot better than just one song, over and over and over.The flat face is the biggest letdown, but it is easy to wipe down.  It also comes with a nice little guitar strap, and it is very lightweight overall.  I'd say the general length of the guitar is about 18"", just right for a small child, and its fairly thin, not bulky at all.The original MSRP was $39.99 for this item, which I would say is outrageous, but at half that price, for a kid who loves playing with musical toys, it's not a bad deal."
"My nephew loves playing the guitar and dancing to his own music while strumming'. So I knew a perfect gift for him would be Leap Frog's ""Touch Magic Rockin' Guitar"" which is instructional as well as a whole lot of fun.Touch Magic is a new product line developed by Leap Frog to bring intuitive touch technology to preschool toys. The Rockin' Guitar is a perfect fit for this new line. Kids can pick up this fun guitar and either chooses to play solo without backup, to play along with a band, or they can select electric or acoustic guitar to play 10 built-in songs. And kids can customize their fun by adding riffs, silly sounds and drums - creating 100-plus combinations to make every song different.Pre-schoolers age 3 and older by playing with Rockin' Guitar will play music while at the same time building motor skills and developing social skills by role-playing. If you strum faster the song being played will speed up so the child musician can exert an influence on the song being performed. I love the 10 songs that are included, especially ""Rockin' Robin"" and ""If You're Happy And You Know It.""It is a clich&eacute; to say that this toy is as much fun for adults as it is for kids but the Rockin' Guitar makes this clich&eacute; very much true."
This Touch Magic guitar from LeapFrog is a fun toy for its target audience: kids from 3 to approximately 7. My oldest found it boring after a couple of tries but his younger siblings love it, and they still do after a while week, which speaks volumes about its fun factor in this day and age of endless entertainment for kids. The surface of the guitar is smooth, so to a grownup there isn't any tacticle feedback, yet it works at the kids' level. They can strum across the printed strings, and then press one of half a dozen buttons for effects. There's an on-off button, too. The guitar has 10 songs and dozens of effects, although most of the latter sound very similar to one another. You can't import your own songs, but no one expects that given its target audience and price point. This is a solid toy and certainly makes a good present for little kids (3+), too.
My 3 year-old daughter absolutely loves this guitar.  It was an instant hit!  She has a Sesame Street Elmo guitar which is more for younger toddlers.  This one actually responds to the strumming and has a great variety of songs, which is music to my ears.  It is very lightweight and easy for her to hold.  She is having fun playing along side Daddy's guitar (and guitar hero!)  This is super cute for the little musician in your life.
"We have both this guitar and B. Toys' ""Woofer"" guitar (in the shape of a dog) and have really been enjoying them both (especially the ability to control the sound volume on each - ha!).  The LeapFrog Touch Magic Rockin' Guitar is the smaller of the two, and instead of ""real"" strings, it uses a touch sensor when you ""strum"" your fingers over the illustrations of the strings (which causes the guitar to play different chords corresponding to the song selected).  There is enough variety in the songs so it seems like you're never hearing the same song for too long (unless your little one falls in love with a song and switches through the circle of songs to replay her favorite over and over...) - with a variety of children's classics and Leapfrog original songs (which are a chilling mixture of catchy and annoying - but they grow on you and you'll find yourself humming them in the elevator at work...).  The B. Toys Woofer guitar seems to be a sturdier build (and much heavier) and the songs have funnier lyrics - and the ""real"" strings are a plus and a minus.  The Leapfrog guitar is very easy to hold and ""rock out"" with - and the feature of a ""clap"" button has been a huge hit with our little rock star (as she likes to make it cheer for her after each song).  The guitar sound effects are fun as well (but ask me again two months from now...).  At fifteen bucks on Amazon, this was a really great deal -- and I think your child will really be happy with either this guitar or the B. Toys version, which runs about twenty two bucks at target.  I prefer the B. Toys one for it's creativity and the quality of the chord sounds - but only by a small margin, and the lightness of the Leapfrog guitar and the ""clap"" button might swing me in its favor once I've had them both for a longer period to judge.  You really can't go wrong with either (as long as you have built up enough ""electronic toy sounds"" tolerance).  Note - this frustration free package version really did come in truly frustration free packaging - but it lacked the Leapfrog box, so might not be the best choice if your gifting the item (unless it's to a close family member)."
My 2 year old loves this guitar and I think it is fun for the younger toddler.  It has pre-programmed music which he can then try to do his own strumming to.  This is perfect since he really wants to hear the music to dance and move along but doesn't always hit the strumming on his own.  It is lightweight and the perfect size for him.  When he is older we will upgrade to a more traditional guitar, since he is obsessed with them.
I get a lot of toys because I have friends with children who comes over and play on a regular basis.  So its nice to have a good variety of things for them to play with.  I wasn't really sure what this guitar was going to be like, I just decided to try and see if the kids would like it!The guitar itself, is made of paper and plastic, and it has no strings or anything like that, it is touch activated.  So if you are looking for something with strings, look elsewhere...  It is a leap frog toy, so this should not be surprise, their toys are more about technology than anything else.  Being the type of toy it is, is it something kids can enjoy who want a guitar?  I can answer, at least in my case, with a resounding YES!One of my friends children, is obsessed with this toy, it is his favorite thing to play with, and he is attached to it, literally, he would sleep with it if he could, he loves it that much, he is 2 and a 1/2, he had been asking for a guitar for some time (he is very talkative for a boy his age), and so I was able to help provide him with something he would hopefully like, I never expected he would enjoy it this much!It's not very educational, but it is a fun toy for a young child who is interested in instruments such as the guitar, and it is durable enough to be banged around on a regular basis.  :)God Bless ~Amy
Our little niece Brianna is a rambunctious little four-year old who loves music. From the time she was a little toddler, she'd go around singing, banging on drums and making music out of just about anything. So it was a no-brainer to get her the LeapFrog Touch Magic Rockin' Guitar. It's the look and feel of a real guitar for her little hands to become accustomed to so that someday she'll want to pick up an actual guitar and learn how to play. The joy this toy has brought her makes it so worth getting--I'm definitely glad that I did. Who knows how this toy is going to influence her decision about playing an instrument later in life and the opportunities that can come from developing that talent. We can perhaps look back someday on this toy as the genesis of it all.
This is an okay musical toy for toddlers and pre-schoolers, but I thought it would have more like raised buttons to push, but in reality it is a very flat toy with touch button options rather than raised ones which would have been be easier for younger kids. It looks better in the picture that it is in reality. Overall okay but could have been better.
This is yet another great product from LeapFrog. This guitar helps kids learn their colors along with improving on their motor skills. From the moment I opened the package the kids were excited to be able to play with it and have played with it every day since. We love it!
We let our 3 yr old rock out with this guitar! it is easy for him to use, he pretends to play guitar hero with it. Durable. Has been dropped many times and still going strong
The LeapFrog Touch Magic Rockin' Guitar is fun and educational. This toy helps little ones lear and improve motor skills. This Guitar comes loaded with 10 songs, so there is a lot of variety. The simple touch helps them recogonize musical sounds. This toy also helps children learn and appreciate all types of music.My 3 year old grandson just loves this guitar.
Right out of the box Magic Rockin' Guitar was a big hit with my 3-year old grandson. I showed him each button and what it happens when he presses it and he figured it out easily. He loves to sing along with the songs, all of which are familiar tunes. He also likes to try out the different sounds as he plays and sings. This guitar doesn't have strings but he doesn't seem to mind. The guitar is designed so he can add sounds to the songs, which also speed up to the strumming motion, so he gets the feel of the strumming through the change in the music. At his age he would most likely break the strings. He loves the applause button and plays it after every song. This little guitar is lightweight and the perfect size for him to carry around which he is still doing a week later. I recommend this toy for toddlers who love music.
"A lot of toys out there rely on just sound effects. Some are loud, some are annoying and some are both, like this guitar. There really isn't anything that your kid is going to learn from this other than if you push a button, it plays the sound that button is supposed to play. The only thing you can do to sort of ""play"" this guitar is the song can get speed up when you ""strum"" the cords. There is an applause button, there is a drum button and even a ""silly sounds"" button; none really do anything but play their thing when you push them.My kid thought it was a pretty boring toy. If you already feel like you have enough loud and annoying toys, this one isn't for you."
This guitar is great fun for kids and adults as well.  It does not teach your child how to play a guitar; it it just a really fun toy.  You strum along with the music to make guitar sounds and there are other buttons to make sound effects and drum sounds.  The faster you strum, the faster the guitar plays.  My three year old son enjoys music and he really enjoys playing with this toy.  He also likes to have me play it while he dances.  I admit I was entertained by playing it too and checking out the various sound effects I could make.  The only problem with it is that the strap is designed for right-handers.  My son is left-handed so he could not use the strap, which is not that big of a deal.  I recommend this toy for anyone with a child that enjoys making music.
My two daughters have grown up on LeapFrog products. From toys to DVDs, every LeapFrog product they've gotten seems to be a hit with them. They also enjoy musical instruments that allow them to create their own music, such as their keyboards, so when we came across the LeapFrog Guitar, my wife and I thought it would be an easy hit with them.Upon opening the box, my wife and I were immediately disappointed with what we saw. This was primarily due to the fact that we obviously misunderstood the toy's description... with the large, well spaced cords on the guitar, we were under the impression that each cord could be played independently, like a keyboard, and thus creating your own music. Not so... the guitar is, instead, much like a sound machine with a variety of pre-recorded sounds. You select a song to be played and the music and vocals begin... running your hand across the cords simply causes the pre-recorded guitar part of the song to be played. You aren't actually 'playing' the guitar or 'creating' anything, like you can with a toy musical keyboard. Even the drum button simply plays a short pre-recorded section of drums... not like on my daughters' keyboards where the drum button is a single drum sound, allowing you to hit it in a variety of beats to create your own music. In addition, when the music is being played, it somewhat overpowers the subtle guitar part of the song, so it's difficult to distinguish exactly what the user is doing to 'add' to the song being played.In addition to the drum button, there are a few additional buttons that add sounds to the songs being played. One button plays an applause, and other plays a random 'silly' sound... these sounds include a 'boing', 'splat', and what sounds like a whoopee cushion... not exactly 'musical' notes. There is a 'slider' that provides two additional 'guitar sounds'. There is also a 'solo' button that simply cuts out the song so the guitar sound can be heard by itself, and an 'electric' button to change to guitar sound from an acoustic guitar to an electric guitar, however these buttons need to be held down the entire time if you want them to stay active. The only 'unique' part of the toy is the fact that it has 'touch operated' buttons rather then push-buttons, yet the buttons aren't very responsive... there is a very brief delay between pressing the buttons or running your hand over the cords. It doesn't start up nor stop instantly, so there is a bit of a disconnect between the toy and the user.When we gave the guitar to our 6 year old, she was very excited about it... at first. She played with it for about 20 minutes, then put it down. She claims she likes it, but describes is as 'not very annoying'. Not a very high praise in my opinion. She hasn't touched it since. After that, it was handed off to our younger daughter who finds it more fun when it's off.I also want to point out that I felt the description of this product was misleading... on the box itself is bubble that claims 'Create 100+ musical combinations'... adding a 'splat' sound in the middle of a pre-recorded song does NOT make a unique musical combination. There is absolutely nothing 'creative' about this toy. I don't see how layering a very limited collection of sounds over top each other is considered 'creative', let alone a learning experience. A far cry from all the other LeapFrog products we own. For the price, I think they could have gotten much more creative with designing this toy. In my opinion, this toy falls far short of the expectations we have from LeapFrog. I would not recommend it to anyone.
I was truly hoping my daughter would love this guitar.  She is almost 8, but is autistic and plays within the age range this is meant for.  Her brother plays guitar, and she is fascinated with his guitars, and with music in general, so I thought this would be a natural hit.  However, it's barely been touched.  I think there are a few reasons for that.  One is that it just doesn't feel like a real guitar in any way.  It's very thin, it has nothing to pretend to be strings or struts or anything except printed on parts with a little bit of a ridge---it does have a strap, which was one of the only things my daughter liked about it.  Also, the various features just don't seem to work well together.  You can do a lot with this if you try hard---it can play songs, play ABCs, have various sounds, a drum beat, etc, but using the features together seems difficult.  I thought this just might be because of my daughter's cognitive limitations, but when I tried it, I had trouble too.  If a song is playing, the various effects seem to either not work or blend in too much.  If you hit the song button and start having it play a song, there doesn't seem like there's an easy way to stop it without hitting the song button again to pick a new song.  And it seems very hard to access the ABC song.  I'm sure there ARE ways to do a lot of these things, but if I had trouble doing them, I can picture it would be hard for many in the target audience!  This feels more like a music player in the shape of a guitar, not really anything too guitar related.  I would not really recommend it.
I love this LeapFrog guitar, it's adorable, and easy to use for small little hands. Keeps a baby entertained, with music with every key the touch. My daughter loves musical toys and this is perfect for her! Colorful keys, and sweet tunes makes it entertaining for them, and easy on adult ears at the same time!
"We received this LeapFrog Touch Magic Rockin' Guitar today. My child was extremely excited about it and couldn't wait to open it.I, myself, am impressed and at the same time a bit disappointed with this guitar. There are no physical buttons or knobs on the front. It is completely smooth. The only physical switch is on the backside. It really is ""touch magic"". It is very impressive and interesting technology in which I can certainly appreciate. However my true disappointment is that there are no true mechanics in learning how to play. It's basically just a hand-over to activate the pre-recordings.The LeapFrog Touch Magic Rockin' Guitar has a very small profile and plays a nice variety of pre-recorded children's songs. However, it is very limited to the songs that are on this guitar and will become tiresome pretty quickly.With all the ingenuity that LeapFrog has, you think they could have made it expandable with cartridges, like theLeapFrog Explorer, for more of a variety and renewed interests.Also, it is a right-handed guitar, my little one is a lefty, but that won't stop him from toying around with it.From my prospective, it is just a toy prop with no real learning or educational value. But it does have some pretty neat technology built into it. Moreover, I would like to see a much better product like this, in the future, from LeapFrog, that is expandable and truly interactive."
This toy is labeled as being for the 3+ crowd, but my 2 1/2 year old granddaughter loves rockin' out with it. She likes that it's not just a guitar, but also makes percussion sounds! She can control the speed of the sound by how quickly she strums the guitar. When she's done with a performance the Touch Magic Rockin' Guitar provides applause.This toy has held her interest. Almost every time she visits, which is daily, she plays with the guitar. We haven't had it long, but it feels and appears to be durable.
My granddaughter, who is not yet four years old, likes this a lot.  She began using it right away without needing any instruction or help, and has figured it out quickly.  We don't even find the sound too annoying, which is a big plus.
I had bought my grand-kids, ages 5 and 6, a more expensive, child sized guitar. They love it, but it's heavy and awkward to use. This little guitar is just right. Light weight, responds with the slightest touch of the finger. It plays 10 songs, or you can strum your own song. A neat little feature is that when you strum really fast, the song that is playing plays even faster. It sounds like the Chipmunks are singing. (not my favorite singers, but the kids love that sort of stuff). The sound is loud enough to be festive but not blaring loud. I did not see an on/off button or a volume button.  You can also add drum beats or silly sounds and even applause.I had fun testing it out and the kids really had fun. The only drawback is that because it is so light, it also seems a bit flimsy. The casing is plastic and the face of the guitar seems to be cardboard that has a coating on it. If the kids are careful, it may last. If they jump around like a heavy metal band , fall on it, or bang it around, it will probably snap.The 5 and 6 year olds are having fun with it, and it would also be fun for smaller kids. The package says 3+ and it is easy enough for them to use. No reading necessary. No plugs, cords or amps. Just strap it on with the included strap and have fun.
