Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
"This little ""book"" allows me to let the babies play on my cell phone on all sorts of wonderful, educational APPS, while protecting my cellphone from ""baby collateral damage.""  The therapists that come for our foster children use this sort of thing all the time to stimulate the little ones' sensory and cognitive functions and the little ones love it!  The babies are very entertained by anything that sings to them or allows them to experience bright colors and fun actions.  This is definitely a valuable part of Grandma's bag-0-tricks."

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.044961828738451004,0.044069480150938034,0.04284874349832535,0.04364212229847908,0.0440809428691864,0.044036585837602615,0.043810561299324036,0.04285483434796333,0.04326668381690979,0.04144668951630592,0.043344348669052124,0.044969893991947174,0.04298098012804985,0.043887268751859665,0.04462900385260582,0.04321637749671936,0.04336681589484215,0.043734241276979446,0.04221472516655922,0.04307618364691734,0.043541379272937775,0.04400159418582916,0.04201870411634445
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
This is one of the worse Fisher-Price products I have ever come across. It is meant for an infant or very young toddler to use an iPhone or iPod. The product starts off bad and gets worse. The packing makes it seem like it is a gold bullion: I don't think these are going to be objects of theft.Then the back is hard to get off, if you have a case you need to take it off, and then the plastic cover makes buttons very hard to use. To top it off you don't even get any credit for Fisher-Price paid apps, just a QR code to some free apps.Much better ways to use your money and completely forget it for a phone of iPod you use. I could only see it for a spare and it isn't even worth it for that. Not recommended.
Boy, was I disappointed in this thing! It's nothing but a case! I thought it would have some sort of storybook activities with it, but it doesn't. It does have a teething ring on the side, so that's about the only good thing I can say about it.IF you are looking for a case, so your child can safely play with your phone, then this one is very durable! Just know that a case, and a teething ring is all it does.
"This Storybook Reader is not really a reader, but rather,  a case for your iPhone. If you like to let your kids/grandkids play with your phone then this is a great product for protecting your phone while letting them a have their fun. You pop out the back to insert your phone. The back is ""locked"" and you need to press a button while pushing down another button to open it. This will prevent very young children from taking the phone out of the case. Older children will probably be able to figure it out and pop the phone out.The front of the case opens like a book and the phone is protected by a plastic screen. The bottom of the screen is reinforced with a thick plastic so they cannot press the Home button of the phone.It's also nice that this case has a nice handle on the side for kids to hold on to."
This is basically just a case for your iPhone. If you allow your baby/toddler to play with your iPhone then you might appreciate it. It will give them something to chew on and protect your phone from drops. Besides that, it's just colorful for them.
"There are a lot of ""toys"" on the market that are in reality, cases for iPhones or iPads and this is another one.  Mind you, if I'd seen this one in the store I would have thought it was something like the Leapfrog system when I saw that it taught all kinds of things.  Not.  This is simply a protector case for your iPhone and when you download an app of choice from the App Store, that is when the educational material comes in.  Then and only then, will it become a ""Storybook Reader.""  For independent handling I'd recommend that toddlers from 12 to 36 months use this.Free Fisher-Price Story Apps~  Storybook Rhymes:  Volume 1~  Storybook Rhymes:  Volume 2~  Storybook Rhymes:  Volume 3Compatible With:~  iPhone 3Gs, 4 & 4S~  iPod touch 4GThe case is very solid and has a two handles with small toys on either side of the case.  To insert your phone, you flip it over and give a turn to the round button, insert your iPhone/iPod, push it it, and seal it.  There is a hard plastic piece across the bottom that protects the home button (nice feature).  The case is drool-proof, but not water-proof so supervision is a must (who wouldn't?).  The disadvantage is that you have to open it up to change apps and make or receive calls.  In considering what this case was intended for, it's perfect, but calling it a ""Storybook Reader"" is a little off because you do have to load the apps on your iPhone.  Perfect for a temporary distraction, but not as a toy that can be tossed in the toy box."
The apps that go along with this were not anything special. My toddler got bored quickly.  It does keep the iPhone safe from spit and tossed around.  I didn't find it difficult to take the phone in and out. The handle on the side is pretty cool, easy for toddler to carry around.  Overall, if you are looking for a protective cover this might do it, I wouldn't purchase this if you are looking to utilize the apps that go with it...it's not worth it.
"BULKY.  That's the first thing that came to mind when checking out this 'storybook reader'.  It's about the same size as a 5 x 7 photograph and 2"" thick (ie. much larger than your phone).  Not a bad thing, as little hands need defined edges, but you're not going to be sliding it into your pocket when your hands are full.Ignoring the 'pack-in' apps, the 'storybook reader' is basically a glorified iPhone case.  Everything about the construction feels very durable and safe.  You could probably drop your phone off the roof and it would be fine in this thing.  My biggest worry is the very heavy 'cover' or door on the case.  It's got some sort of weight inside it (I'm guessing something to interact with apps), that makes the door very heavy and causes it to slam shut when handled sharply.  I could definately see this smashing little fingers.  If the hinge had just a hair more tension on it (it has no tension), it might slow it enough to prevent injury.  Maybe I only have tiny fingers in mind, and beefier, older kids wouldn't have a huge issue.  The edge of the door does have a rubber bead.  I slammed it on my own finger, and had to slam it pretty hard for it to feel uncomfortable.  Just something to watch out for.I tried putting my iPod Touch 5 in it, just to see (it is not advertised as accommodating this model), an no dice.  Just barely does not fit.Pros- Durable design- Colorful, childish design- Complete iPhone protection- Large handle for carrying- Home button lockout (all FP Apptivity toys feature this item)Cons- Bulky- Loose hinge/heavy door- Does not fit iPhone 5/iPod Touch 5- Kind of pointless unless your kid loves opening just the cover of a book"
We got this case for our 10 month old son.  And for that use it's perfect, it prevents him from hitting the home button (clear piece of plastic on the  bottom blocks it), and basically allows him to throw/drool/etc on it without worry.  The apps you can get are kind of cute, but you can go  get them for free without this case, they are nothing specific to the case, but they are somewhat nice.Now the issues.  It's somewhat of a pain to get the device in and out, now that's a good thing since it means your kids won't be getting it out on you.  However if you want to switch apps, or it turns off, or it needs to be charged, you have to open it up.  This means you're going to be opening it up a lot, or, like us, ending up leaving it sit on the shelf slightly too much.It's a good idea, and offers good protection, just wish there was a clever parent way to hit the home button.
"Your appreciation of this item will significantly depend on your child's age and your parenting style.  The product functions well as a heavy duty case for an ipod touch or iphone.  One plus is that once your iphone or ipod is in the case, it's quite difficult to get it out; however, that's also a negative if you're not planning to dedicate a device for use with this product. It's not particularly easy to pop an iphone in and out of a case you might be using and into this one for a quick switch for your child.Fisher-Price provides some free apps that can be downloaded for use with the case.  They're ok and the utility probably depends on the age of your child and your interest in providing tv style entertainment.  The apps take up a fair amount of space and each only seems to have two songs/stories.  One ""book"" had ""The Itsy Bitsy Spider"" and ""One Two, Buckle my Shoe"".  Other apps seems to include counting, learning body parts, etc.  The apps were fine quality, but for younger babies that are too little to understand and interact with them, they are more like watching TV than learning or interacting.  The apps progress by opening and closing the over of the ""book.""  You can touch the screen through the case, but it's not very sensitive.If you have an older child who can learn from certain children's apps and a dedicated iphone or ipod touch to use for it, this item acts as an effective heavy duty case that protects your electronics and helps your child ""play"" with it."
This is a fun little toy for the youngest set.  How many times I have seen 1 year olds reach for cell phones? I still cringe. This is a case you put your iTouch or iPhone in before you hand it off to the little one. My G4 iTouch fit into it and it was easy enough to use the touch screen even though the faceplate was thick and plastic feeling.If you can manage the child proof backing to get the iTouch in it, this is a great solution. I doubt it would survive immersion but it looks pretty sturdy otherwise.I put my iTouch in with the button at the top with the cut out and that made it upside down in the case. My iTouch is the right size but old enough that it doesn't correct the upside down orientation - only three sides. That was pretty interesting to learn about my iTouch because it had never been an issue before. (This issue actually corrected itself after I reset my iTouch recently.)If I put the iTouch in it so the orientation is correct, then I can't use the button. It's not a huge issue, only a problem if yours is as old as mine. (This issue is also corrected after a reset.)The apps are cute. I found it easier just to go to the app store to download them.And Fisher Price? There's no excuse for that kind of packaging and no way you could have made it more difficult to get it out of the box. The only thing worse than breaking fingernails is having a child watch and hear that kind of language. I said Gol Darn it 8 times.
Before you insert the iphone into the reader, you have to remove any protective case that you have on the iphone. To get the iphone in and out of the reader requires both hands, ability to follows numbers and directions, which hopefully is enough protection against your kids figuring it out themselves.The protective screen and home blocker are good features.Easy to carry around.Fun, colorful book looks.By increasing the size, the reader makes it easy to handle and hold for the kids.Good luck if you havent already had enough competition with your kids for your phone.
"This little ""book"" allows me to let the babies play on my cell phone on all sorts of wonderful, educational APPS, while protecting my cellphone from ""baby collateral damage.""  The therapists that come for our foster children use this sort of thing all the time to stimulate the little ones' sensory and cognitive functions and the little ones love it!  The babies are very entertained by anything that sings to them or allows them to experience bright colors and fun actions.  This is definitely a valuable part of Grandma's bag-0-tricks."
I think this is such a cool idea.  You put your phone in this case, it turns your phone off, locks at the back, and you can entertain the  little one.  If you don't like the apps that comes with it you can go to Itunes and plenty of other places.  Take it on car trips, trips to Gramma's house, church, restaurants..anywhere you need a less noisy toddler.  Great tool to go with that you already have.
"I WANT to recommend the Fisher-Price Laugh and Learn Apptivity Storybook Reader but I'm having a REALLY, really hard time doing that.  The storybook reader basically acts as an iPod case that protects your gadget from your toddler's slobber and sticky, icky hands and correctly oriented, it also keeps your baby from pressing the ""o"" or home button. The case is colorful and the handle doubles as a teething ring but... that's the extent of the product.  Really.The creamy filling of the product is supposed to be the app that you can download from the app store that really makes the product an educational and fun filled experience.  The fatal flaw with this is that you can download the app for free without actually purchasing the Fisher-Price Laugh and Learn Apptivity Storybook Reader.  The apps can be found here for further review: [...]This isn't to say that Fisher-Price shouldn't get your support because they should.  They created a very nice, educational and entertaining app to go with this case. But I'd suggest you keep that $20 and purchase another one of their excellent toys instead."
There is no one on the planet who enjoys the Fisher Price toy better than me.  NO ONE.  So believe me when I tell you that this is the worst toy they have ever ever come up with.I have an iPod Touch and thought - COOL!  I will be able to play this with my grandbaby.  Um, no.  Incredibly difficult to open and put the iPod in, enough that I actually put it down and came back later so I wouldn't smash it on the floor from frustration.  Only three downloadable apps from Fisher Price that aren't intuitive and basically no fun to play.  Pushing the screen cover to use the apps is next to impossible for an adult, let alone the baby.Not a fun toy, not worthy of the Fisher Price name.
Your iPhone goes in here and you can bring up baby apps to let your kid play. Really, a case to protect the phone while your kid goes nuts. My youngest son loves our iPhone, so we thought this would be great. He wanted nothing to do with it. The phone fit pretty loose inside, and the clear protective screen is flimsey.  He had it broken in seconds. You can't answer the phone when the recommended apps are being used. Great idea, no follow-through on design.
I place my Iphone in the Laugh and learn and my daughter loved to play with it. She is six months and uses it as a giant chew toy. It is sturdy so when dropped your Iphone will not break. Like other reviewers have said, this is nothing but a case for babies. I did not find it very fun because then my daughter will be always wanting me to give her my phone. They could of just made the toy with some apps and it would of been better.
This is definitely geared toward the sitting baby and young toddler stages ( probably from 8 months to under 4 years). A little misleading and disappointed with the title, this is more of a large case that protects the iphone very well rather than an actual story teller/reader. Personally, I would stick to my already protective case, but my child seems to love the pictures and it seems to be really popular with his generation.It does seems to be able to hold up to a lot of abuse (banging, hitting, chewing, slobbering and sadly, some throwing) I successfully use it for car rides, quieter restaurant experiences and mostly vising non children homes. We were not thrilled with the apps that came with it, but it's a minor issue since itunes generously has many free apps to choose from. When opened, it seems to capture the child's attention and also is quickly a favorite activity pleaser. The phone is safe, the home button, inaccessible and the back has a child safety lock than is pretty much a fort Knox for the iphone.
OK, this is a baby-toddler-clumsy adult proof case. It's over-sized, has a carry handle, and the requisite little rattly-things. Without the device, it's a dumb case - unlike some other FP iPhone toys that will do something without the phone.The apps are free - there's even a QR code in the manual and on the rear of the case to get to the apps. The book is simple and has one function (apart from protecting the phone) - flipping the cover turns the pages, as does swiping the screen. If you have other apps, they will work as well, but the cover does not do anything.  The protective plastic is pretty heavy-duty, and looks like it can be replaced. Not sure if you can purchase it separately or not.The phone inserts from the rear - you need to hold in a little lock button then slide another button down - easy for adults, but impossible for toddlers.  This case is NOT water or spill proof. It's slobber, kiss and dirty-sticky finger proof. But if you spill a drink on it, the device will get wet. Drop it in the tub? The phone will get soaked.
I'll be honest, I got this item through Amazon Vine and didn't read the specs closely enough.  It is not compatible with Droid, seemingly only iPhones.  Of course, I have a Droid.  It looks like a really fun product and it appears to be made well, I just need to find a friend with an iPhone and a baby!
This particular Fisher Price idea--to create a way for babies and toddlers to play with your iphone apps without damaging precious electronics--seems like a smart idea.  In actual practical application, this particular design is a bit of a dud.First off, the case is certainly sturdy enough.  The book format with the toy rings attached is attractive and cute--a little unwieldy--but certainly good for keeping an iphone  safely tucked inside, away from drool, goo and other dangerous substances and behaviors.  However, securing the device inside is tricky:  Even my husband had huge issues with unlocking the device to put his iphone in to use, and then unlocking it later to remove his phone.  This makes it really inconvenient when kids with short attention spans want to play with more than one app in rapid succession--since each time the phone has to be removed to change the game or activity.To be honest, my kids were less than charmed by this.  My nephew of a few months chewed on the toy but had no interest in the apps.  My daughter of two years tried to play with it a bit, but found the interactivity less than desirable.  It's hard to get the tracking to work well through the barrier.  She finally got frustrated and wanted to throw it--and we decided we really didn't need to test just how durable and safe this case was.  My 4 year old was entirely uninterested in playing the iphone apps with the case and preferred to use our desktop computer if offered the opportunity.Great idea, not so great execution.Shanshad ^_^
The title and image are misleading and are likely intended to mislead parents into believing they are purchasing some sort of V-Reader, only scaled down for baby level comprehension and interaction.Nope.  It's an ipod case.It's not a bad idea, providing a tool that allows your child to make use of your ipod in a safe and engaging way, but that's not at all how it's being marketed, and I find that shameful.
When my daughter brings my grandson over for a short visit or if we are out at a restaurant she sometimes gives him her iPhone to entertain himself with. I thought this reader would be a good idea since I cringe when such a young one is handling this type of equipment. I assumed this would be nice to slip the phone into and give him something different to play with and also protect the phone.First it doesn't just slip in and out because of the protective cover that is over the phone. The padding seems to be an irritation in him working the apps. It seems more trouble than it is worth and quite frankly I prefer the old fashioned entertainment and interaction of giving him a book to look at and read.
