Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
Play- Doh Candy Cyclone is a fun toy that will appeal immensely to fans of the soft, fragrant modeling compound that has kept kids amused for many generations. This Play- Doh toy is all about making sweet, make believe candy treats, from gumballs to lollipops and beyond.Play- Doh Candy Cyclone is easy enough to use and has the tools necessary to make all sorts of sweet shapes. The shape my kids like making most is the gumballs. These are made using the crank device, which is the main part of the toy. Play- Doh is loaded at the top, the crank is turned, and the gumballs emerge, rolling down the circular ramp. The other accessories can be used for making lollipops, swirly pops, licorice, and more.Play- Doh Candy Cyclone is good for some simple amusement and my kids seem to like it about as much as any other Play- Doh toy. Like most any children, mine love all sorts of candy so they love this toy in concept. The toy comes with four small cans of Play- Doh, featuring the three primary colors and white. The colors will get mixed, so don't bother trying to keep them separate. Part of the fun is blending different shades so that the sweet treats look real, so don't waste your time trying to keep each of the four colors separate. Let them mix and then place the blended shades back into their small canisters for the next round of play.Play- Doh Candy Cyclone is fun for imaginative play and it keeps kids entertained with limited supervision. One pleasant surprise is that it doesn't make as much of a mess as some of the other Play- Doh toys. The interior cranking system doesn't get coated with Play- Doh, like I thought it would. The back of the globe removes so that you can clean it out or remove a jammed piece of Play- Doh, but it rarely happens. The gumballs come out cleanly- a refreshing change from other Play- Doh toys, which often have to be hand cleaned and take time to get back to their original condition.Play- Doh Candy Cyclone includes only four small cans of Play- Doh, but it is good for a start. Parents might find it necessary to purchase another package or two, for added fun. The number of accessories is limited, too, but you can introduce whatever else you like and use it to help make shapes. Some more clean-up could be involved if other devices are introduced, but it may add to the enjoyment.Play- Doh is a timeless form of amusement and the Candy Cyclone is proof again that there is no limit to the ways kids can enjoy the classic, creative toy known as Play- Doh. I question the durability of this device over time, but it has held up so far and it rates as one of my kids favorite Play- Doh toys.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.04311145097017288,0.0477338582277298,0.04052331671118736,0.046328105032444,0.04451482743024826,0.044661395251750946,0.04391699656844139,0.04369468241930008,0.044107381254434586,0.04366768151521683,0.043360061943531036,0.044270239770412445,0.04428989812731743,0.04553157463669777,0.04236587882041931,0.04357617720961571,0.041815489530563354,0.04353145509958267,0.04335813969373703,0.042202625423669815,0.04672495648264885,0.03898383677005768,0.03773002326488495
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
"Our five-year old has a blast making ""gumballs"" in the machine and then molding them into different candies.  She's created some pretty impressive treats with the included dough.  So far, the toy hasn't presented any problems.  It hasn't jammed, and the crank works smoothly.  She gets a kick out of watching the gumballs roll down the ramp.  Clean up is easy, although there are a number of small plastic spatulas, etc., to keep track of.  Overall, this one has been a hit with the kids and their parents."
Play- Doh Candy Cyclone is a fun toy that will appeal immensely to fans of the soft, fragrant modeling compound that has kept kids amused for many generations. This Play- Doh toy is all about making sweet, make believe candy treats, from gumballs to lollipops and beyond.Play- Doh Candy Cyclone is easy enough to use and has the tools necessary to make all sorts of sweet shapes. The shape my kids like making most is the gumballs. These are made using the crank device, which is the main part of the toy. Play- Doh is loaded at the top, the crank is turned, and the gumballs emerge, rolling down the circular ramp. The other accessories can be used for making lollipops, swirly pops, licorice, and more.Play- Doh Candy Cyclone is good for some simple amusement and my kids seem to like it about as much as any other Play- Doh toy. Like most any children, mine love all sorts of candy so they love this toy in concept. The toy comes with four small cans of Play- Doh, featuring the three primary colors and white. The colors will get mixed, so don't bother trying to keep them separate. Part of the fun is blending different shades so that the sweet treats look real, so don't waste your time trying to keep each of the four colors separate. Let them mix and then place the blended shades back into their small canisters for the next round of play.Play- Doh Candy Cyclone is fun for imaginative play and it keeps kids entertained with limited supervision. One pleasant surprise is that it doesn't make as much of a mess as some of the other Play- Doh toys. The interior cranking system doesn't get coated with Play- Doh, like I thought it would. The back of the globe removes so that you can clean it out or remove a jammed piece of Play- Doh, but it rarely happens. The gumballs come out cleanly- a refreshing change from other Play- Doh toys, which often have to be hand cleaned and take time to get back to their original condition.Play- Doh Candy Cyclone includes only four small cans of Play- Doh, but it is good for a start. Parents might find it necessary to purchase another package or two, for added fun. The number of accessories is limited, too, but you can introduce whatever else you like and use it to help make shapes. Some more clean-up could be involved if other devices are introduced, but it may add to the enjoyment.Play- Doh is a timeless form of amusement and the Candy Cyclone is proof again that there is no limit to the ways kids can enjoy the classic, creative toy known as Play- Doh. I question the durability of this device over time, but it has held up so far and it rates as one of my kids favorite Play- Doh toys.
I was impressed as the kids took this play dough contraption out of the box.  When I saw the box it seemed like a lot of plastic for the amount of interaction that it promised.  But it proved to be a well conceived, solidly built toy.At least until the crank and gumball shaping cylinders seized up.  We tried everything to get it to free up, thinking that we got clay into something some where.  Eventually I grabbed a screwdriver and disassembled the toy and found the part that was jamming.  I tried multiple times to get it to work smoothly again by removing the small ratcheting part that locked but was unsuccessful.  It works again without the piece, but it is jerky and hard to crank. Needless to say the kids were a little disappointed.Also, the playdough containers that come with this set are the very small 2 ounce variety. This seemed a little on the cheap side.on the plus side, the candy shaped forms worked great, and we had a really good time creating multicolored marbles while the gumball maker was working (about 25 minutes). It had potential, but it lost most joy when it broke.
I thought my kids may enjoy this and eventually get bored, but it's turned out to be a decent little distraction for them.  Apparently creating multicolored little gumballs is crazy fun for a 3 year old.  Like many similar play dough toys, it has plenty of embedded molds for pressing candy forms, but the screw drive gumball maker is the core of this toy.  The upside is that my kids will play with this for more than an hour and they get creative making little gumball mosaics.The obvious downside is that there isn't a way to easily open the unit to clean it.  So.. after every use, you have to ensure that your kids didn't overload the chamber and that there is no play dough in the gears.  After my son watched me clean it two times.. he's got it down.The second downside is its size... it doesn't collapse down without disassembly and storage can be a pain.We've put it away for a while and will get it back out again for the next little one to enjoy.
The Play Doh Sweet Shoppe Candy Cyclone is one of the better Play Doh Sweet Shoppe toys. My daughter loves how she is able to make a wide variety of colorful treats. As a family we have played with a wide variety of Play Doh Sweet Shoppe playsets - but several of them are messy and difficult to clean. The Candy Cyclone allows you to make very colorful Play Doh balls that can then be made it to fun looking treats.Notes-- Comes with 4 small cans of Play Doh - yellow, pink, blue, and white. However, making the candy will cause all of the Play Doh to mix together meaning that you will go through lots of cans of Play Doh.- You do need to use a little care when you make your balls of candy. Make sure that you make really thin tubes of Play Doh that you feed into the cyclone. I then alternate the colors of the candy balls and feed them back into the candy cyclone.- A variety of molds are included for making everything from gummy bears to candy hearts- The small balls of candy can be fed into the candy tube to make ice cream and lollipops- Comes with a fork, knife, spoon, and a variety of sticks for the ice cream pops and candy treats.- Can be used for children ages two and up - the cranks turns very easily. Although you may need to use your finger to help feed the Play Doh into the Candy Cyclone.- Clean up is relatively easy - the back of the candy cyclone opens up so that you can remove any trapped Play DohFinal Verdict - The Candy Cyclone is probably the best of the Play Doh Sweet Shoppe toys. It is fun, has a wide variety of candy and treats that can be made AND it is easy to clean up (compared to the other Play Doh Sweet Shoppe toys). Recommended.4 1/2 Stars
Play Doh's New Sweet Shoppe Candy Cyclone is a sweet!  Not to mention tons of fun for the play-doh fan!!!  This set includes; candy cyclone machine with a crank handle, licorice presser, plastic knife, 2 dishes with inserted moldable treats, 4 pop sticks and 4 small tubs of blue, yellow, red, and white.It requires some assembly.  My nine year old was able to quickly put it together and before you knew it he and my daughter (age 6) were happily running a make believe candy shop.  It proved to be hours of fun!If you are a parent with Play-Doh lovers you know what a pain it often is to clean out these toys.  This one was super easy to clean.  Thank you Play-Doh!!!Overall, I would recommend the Play Doh Candy Cyclone set for boys and girls ages 3 and up! It was a hit in our home! Play-Doh fans will have a ton of fun with this.
"I gave this to my Five yr old daughter and her and Eight yr old sister love this toy.  Using the top-feed dispenser, you can roll dozens of little balls that roll down the shut to the bottom.  Once there, you can press the playdoh balls into a huge number of candy mold shapes on the Candy Cyclone itself or on two wheels that come with the toy in order to make a myriad of little ""candies"".  Both my daughters played on it for hours on end - pausing only to eat and visit the bathroom.  The girls also loved the licorice press - a big plastic syringe like thing that squirts out playdoh that you can pretend is whip candy.  I also thought the little spatula things that you can press playdoh on to make lollipops was a cleaver idea!  The Candy Cyclone was a hige hit in our house.That being said, there are a few things to consider before buying.1) The rollers on the top will get jammed if you feed playdoh in too quickly because the balls exiting the bottom will get pushed together - causing playdoh to squirt out in-between the rollers.  Although the back opens up to allow for some playdoh extraction, the only way to get out playdoh that's jammed in the feeder is to take the top apart.  It isn't super hard - 8 screws - and it's pretty obvious where everything goes when you are putting it back together, but the trick is getting everything back in the right place the first time.  You are basically guaranteed to have to take it apart twice - once to take out the playdoh and again soon later to put back in a piece you forgot.2) Although, I don't think that the Candy Cyclone is fragile, despite what other reviewers have said, if you have a child who is not particularly careful I can see them breaking the crank.  Without the crank, the Cyclone doesn't work and then you basically have a big mold maker.  So basically the Candy Cyclone is as ""fragile"" or ""durable"" as any other playdoh accessory.3) The Candy Cyclone is not exactly small and does not break down into smaller pieces for storage.  You therefore are left with a toy that's more than 12"" tall and pretty wide at the base.  This is not something that is small and easy to store."
"I received this item as a vine request.  The product itself seems durable and long lasting. The colors are bright and it really does look like a candy machine.  It comes with four (2 ounce) cans of play-doh (white, red, blue, yellow), the ""cyclone"" base, ramp, globe, crank, stamper, licorice presser, plastic knife, 2 dishes, 4 pop sticks and instructions.  The stampers include shapes for pretzels, gummy bears, a variety of candy pieces, licorice, etc.Like any other play-doh product---the results never turn out quite as pretty as on the box.  And, of course, once the colors are mixed...they are mixed for good in my opinion! With that said, the kids seemed to have a blast making gumballs, suckers, other candies, all with a variety of was to decorate them!  And I agree with what another reviewer shared; the kids could easily turn the handle to use the crank and use the molds.I also recommend buying more play-doh ahead of time for more of a variety of colors and more product. The two ounce cans do not last long.  Also, as like similar play-doh products, clean up is very important because there are a lot of ""crooks and crannies"" for play-doh to get stuck in.Lastly, with my experience, the younger kids did try to eat the play-doh gumballs and candy dots...so I would not recommend leaving this product out around smaller kids unsupervised; unless you want your play-doh to disappear! With that said....the box states ""fun to play with, but not eat.""  Play-doh does contain wheat, but is considered Nontoxic."
I played with this Play-Doh Candy Cyclone with my 6 year old nephew a couple of weeks ago and we both had a blast. The gumball making machine is the main feature of the set and by far the part that my nephew loves the best. It's super easy to use-just stuff some Play-Doh down the hole at the top, turn the crank and down come these perfect shaped circles of Play-Doh. I did have to work to get the left-over Play-Doh out a couple of times, but other than that, it worked perfectly. He really liked how the gumballs roll down the little slide.The kit comes with a lot of different shapes you can create. They have two different disk-like things that have multiple shapes, plus there are shapes on the base of the gumball machine and shapes on the door that you open on the gumball machine. It also come with a syringe type of toy. I suppose it could be used to help make lollipops but we really liked seeing how long of a snake we could make using the syringe. It also comes with a cutting tool (a very safe to use knife) and some plastic sticks to shape lollipops with.The one thing that's bad is that on the box, it shows all these cool things that you can make like licorice and lollipops but they don't really give you clear directions on how to achieve that. I tried to make a lollipop but couldn't quite achieve it. Plus, to do all the cool things on the box, you have to mix colors and that's something you can only do once with Play-Doh. Kids like to do it but usually children don't want to use Play-Doh that have been mixed up. But it's still a lot of fun to use and I'd definitely recommend getting it for birthdays, holidays, or just for a rainy or snowy day.
Play-doh equipment has always looked super fun on the shelf at the store.  However most of the time when you get it home, it either breaks, you lose pieces, or it just doesn't work as well as it should.  The Candy Cyclone does come with a lot of easy to lose parts, and not a great way to store them.  The most amazing part for me is that when done properly, this thing actually works.Couple of things we have learned when using this.  If the back of the toy is open at all, the crank will not turn (this is to ensure safety I presume).  If you put a huge chunk of play-doh into it, it won't work.  You have to make thinner logs, and then feed it into the machine, which will then make little balls roll down the track.  If you stuff a lot in, then you're going to be opening up the back trying to get play-doh out, which is quite annoying and hard.  You can then take these little play-doh balls and use the stamper to turn them into other little things.  It's gotten a lot of us from our daughter (who is 2 1/2) and also her cousins, (4-6) who also spent lots of time playing with it.Things that could be improved, ideally there would be a way or a tool to make the correct shaped log, or a way to just stuff play-doh in and it still work without jamming up.
My daughter is four years old, and was introduced to the wonderful possibilities of Play Dough around her second birthday! Since then, she's been a fan and never tires of creating, manipulating, and constructing with play dohs sets of all kinds.Let's talk about the Play Doh Candy Cyclone set which offers  hundreds of possibilities in creating and endless hours of fun for children of all ages. This set is really awesome for children. It allows kids to create really cool looking lollipops, candies, gum balls, and many more sweet looking treats!The set itself looks like a cleverly constructed gum ball machine, and if you ask me, something you'd quite possibly find in Wonka factory or a story by Dr. Seuss. Included are 4 different colors of Play-Doh modeling compound, licorice presser, plastic knife, 2 dishes, 4 pop sticks, instructions, and of course the play set machine itself.When I gave my daughter the  Play Doh Candy Cyclone set, she was ecstatic and played with it for several hours before I persuaded her to do something else! I really like that the whole set it easy for her to maneuver and figure out all on her own. She's been happily making Play Dough pretend to eat treats for her whole family.I usually have to handle to clean up of all things Play Dough and was thrilled that even though there's a few nooks and crannies that this set was extremely easy to clean! The back door of the machine opens up so you can clean the inside and out. Also the little licorice presser which I've dubbed the frosting gun, cleans out super easy too even though I was thinking I'd have issues!Overall, I'd highly recommend the Play Doh Candy Cyclone set for children ages 3 and up! It a wonderful toy that encourages free thinking, exploration, and build up those fine motor skills. If your child likes rolling, squishing, sculpting, and molding than this set is for you!
"At first glance, the Candy Cyclone looks like a toy that will keep any kid occupied for a very long time, but after playing with my near three-year-old for a grand total of three hours spread out over a week, it's now sitting largely unused.The problem is, once you've created a few ""sweets"", pressed out a few molds, rolled out strings of playdough out on lollipop sticks, what's next? But perhaps I'm expecting too much from playdough.The other thing I've noticed is that to get the kind of colorful combinations shown on the box, I had to mash together different-colored playdough and you know what happens to that after the first few successful sweet products? A greyish morass of yuck is what.I found the churning wheels that produced the balls to be difficult to use and caused jams no matter how slowly you moved the handle. There was no easy way to clear those jams either and the instructions say to wait until the playdough caught in the teeth to dry before you can get them out--a period of time that can last as long as two days.I give this a generous two and a half stars out of five for its initial splendidness, but I'll pass."
This toy is great for kids, who doesn't like play dough. Making candy out of play dough is so much fun.  cleaning out the cyclone can be a pain, but the kids really enjoy the toy.  It is nice to have extra play dough on hand, because the kids like to mix the colors with this play dough kit.
"My daughter fines the Play Doh's New Sweet Shoppe Candy Cyclone fun to play with. The mold makes the gumballs very pretty and tempting to eat. As for the set I fine it to be sturdy and easy to use. In the box you would fine two stamping molds and tons of molds on the set itself - it makes everything from orange slices to gummy bears. And when you use brown Play-Doh, it looks  really like chocolate ice cream. This set also includes; candy cyclone machine with a crank handle, licorice presser, plastic knife, 2 dishes with inserted moldable treats, 4 pop sticks and 4 small tubs of blue, yellow, red, and white.I fine that you do need to follow instructions when loading the gumball mold prior to cranking. If you overload it, it will get stuck like many has said. And it can be a bit hard to clean. You open up the back and then use some of the ""tools"" provided to get the extra Play-Doh out. My only recommendation is that the front should open as well. It a wonderful toy that encourages free thinking, exploration, and build up those fine motor skills. Other then that, if your child likes revolving, squishing, shaping, and molding than this set is for you, have fun."
Play doh is a great stocking stuffer, which is why it's something we always purchase for our children at Christmas. My kids are getting older now, but still they like to occasionally sit down and play with play doh (more so my 8 year old). When my daughter saw this, she was very excited. It was easy to set up, easy to use and she quickly made a whole range of foods and candies. As with most play doh toys, it only comes with the little containers, so it helps to have extras on hand. Also you must pick out the play doh from the various sections of the toy, again very typical for play doh toys. I think this is definitely worth the cost to make lots of treats and will probably last about the standard year or two at my house.
"(Play-Doh) + Candy = (Hours of playing) + (Hours of mom and dad pretend-eating pretend candy)My 2 kids (4 and 6) love this thing. It took about 5 minutes from opening the box to my sampling of different ""candies"". It is very simple to set up and easy for kids to use. I looked the instructions over quickly and showed the 4 year old how to make all the candies and let her go. She was able to show the older daughter how to make them and they played with it until I made them put it away for dinner. We had no problems at all with durability. I highly recommend this toy for any kids who love candy and play-doh (who doesn't?)."
I got this for my son who absolutely loves play-doh. This was a huge hit. It's super easy to set up and simple to use once you show them how. Just roll some play-doh into a slim log, place it in the hole at the top and turn the crank. Perfectly formed little 'gumballs' come sliding down shoot every time.We've had no issues with clogging, and the plastic spiral portion comes off easily for storage or to clean out after each use. There are a bunch of different molds and cutters that entertained my son for about an hour or so. This is definitely o elf the cooler play-doh playlets that I've seen, and I'd absolutely recommend it.
I received this for my 5 year old daughter. I was leery at first, especially on the typical assembly issues and quality components.  However, I was pleasantly surprised.Packaging was exceptional, easy enough for a 5 year old to take everything out and get started (takes less than 5 minutes). The build quality (very sturdy) is great as is functionality. Setup is easy and after a few tries, my 5 year old can handle it herself.  Children can easily operate the toy. It comes with a number of molds that allow the children to make shapes.  Of course, the real attraction is creating gumball like play-doh balls using the machine. Kids as young as three can easily operate the crank to produce gumballs, though they may need help estimating how much play-doh to use for the molds.  No big deal however.  I sensed ZERO frustration on the kids part in using the toy.The machine does not clog during use! If you leave play-doh in the machine for a period of time, it of course will dry.  In that case, you simply have to pull the dried play-doh out with some effort.  However, the machine can be taken apart nicely to do that.The machine is a hit in our house.  The kids will typically take it out every few days and use it for 1-2 hours at a stretch.
"From the moment I took this out of the box, my daughter loved it.  She played with it for hours and has used it every day since it came.  In addition, her cousins aged 4 and 12 loved it as well.The mold makes the gumballs beautifully.  The set is sturdy and easy to use - even for four-year-old hands.  There are two stamping molds and tons of molds on the set itself - it makes everything from orange slices to gummy bears.  And when you use brown Play-Doh, it looks scarily like real chocolate.You do need to follow instructions when loading the gumball mold prior to cranking.  If you overload it, it will get stuck.  And it can be a bit hard to clean.  You open up the back and then use some of the ""tools"" provided to get the extra Play-Doh out.  My only suggestion is that the front should open as well.  Until my daughter got the hang of loading it, I spent a lot of time cleaning it out.Like any Play-Doh toy, this can be messy.  I spent a little time cleaning dried Play-Doh off tables, chairs, and the floor.  However, it's an easy clean up.This one is definitely a winner and my daughter will use it for ages.  :-)"
The two boys I gave this set too found it soo much fun, they took all their other play dough and make lots of twisted lollipops and other candy.  The crank is so much fun, as I predicted and it kept them busy a lot.  Parents will move this toy not only for occupying their kids but for fostering creativity since there is the design and combination of ingredients to create a sometimes funky, but clearly colorful clay creation.
The things I like most about Candy Cyclone is that there is less mess and there are fewer pieces that can get misplaced.  There are a lot of different molds a child can use, and most of them are a part of the toy itself.  There is a tray with shapes and a plunger to press in the Play-Doh.  The gumball maker works very well, with the sphere rolling down the slide.  The gumballs are also a perfect shape for most of the molds.  It can be a little difficult for a three-year-old to get the right amount of Play-Doh in the hopper to crank out the gumballs, but it does work surprisingly well.  Also surprising is that there's not the thin pressed Play-Doh that dries and shatters everywhere.  Also included is a syringe that makes what we call a snake.  It's fun, if difficult to get the Play-Doh from the inside of the syringe.My daughter had a great time pretending to make all sorts of treats.  I was glad that the fun resulted in a little less mess than usual.  Overall, the Candy Cyclone is a lot of fun for parents and children.
Play Doh's New Sweet Shoppe Candy Cyclone is a huge hit! The kids will never put this away, as the play value is never boring and the creativity is endless. Included is the candy cyclone machine with a crank handle, licorice presser, plastic knife, 2 dishes with inserted moldable treats, 4 pop sticks and 4 Play Doh cans of the basic primary colors of blue, yellow and red and a can of white to get lighter shades.You take your Play Doh, roll a log, push it in the cyclone machine and crank out gum balls. The balls are the perfect size to insert into the molds of goodies on the plates- making little treats. The licorice presser makes perfect licorice. The children even have more fun designing pops with the molds. The kids are just fascinated watching the Play Doh get cranked, twirled and swirled around inside the globe. Seeing the colors get mixed and creating different colors is like having them learn art basics in an art class.Thank goodness Play Doh is non-toxic, as the treats do come out looking good enough to eat- just make certain your children have no wheat allergies should they take a taste, as there is wheat in Play Doh. I definitely recommend buying more Play Doh cans- especially in more colors for those artistic candy makers. I can't tell what the kids love to do more- watch the cyclone spin the colors together, or create the candies and treats by themselves. Either way, they love this set, and are asking for the breakfast set as well.A big bonus is the cyclone is easy to clean- you just crank out the Play Doh and use the included knife to scrape out what doesn't get cranked out. Play Doh has been a staple in children's creativity and play for many decades and they still know how to put out a number 1 toy after all these years! When the children want to create more Play Doh treats every day and are asking for the breakfast set as well, you can't get a recommendation any higher than that!!
"My two-year-old granddaughter loves to play with Play Doh, so she was instantly intrigued with the Candy Cyclone, since it uses Play Doh in a new and fascinating way.  She was enthusiastic as she experimented with the assorted implements and was engrossed making ""lollipops"" and other Play Doh confections.The set occupied her for a good forty-five minutes before she decided to move on to other pursuits, but her degree of focus, her delight in crafting the ""candy"" with the molds and accessories, and her joy ion showing off her creations were proof that the set was a hit with her.  Her favorite creations were the lollipops and the gumballs.I like the way experimentation proceeded.  Our granddaughter loved the shaping, rolling, molding, and creating the assorted ""candies,"" and we were pleased that she didn't merely play with the set as we originally demonstrated.  She independently discovered what worked, what didn't, and what offered her the greatest reward, in terms of creativity and personal satisfaction.The Play Doh can get messy, so it's a good idea to spread an old towel or other surface to prevent undue mess on dining room or kitchen tables, desks, or carpets.  We had our granddaughter set up at the dining room table with its protector on to preserve the fine wood of the table.Some putting together is necessary, which might be tough for little ones, but once everything is set up, the fun begins.  We played with our granddaughter with the set initially to show her how things worked, and after a few minutes, she was on her own.  Happily, the set is easy to clean, though some stubborn Play Doh did get stuck in narrow spaces."
