Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
"My 7 year old is having a blast with this toy.  Ok, ok, so me and my toddler are, too.  There's so much to do here: so many molds for flowers, accessories, other characters.  I wish the set came with the standard sized containers of dough, but the little containers in a variety of 6 fun colors have been enough to keep us entertained.We have found that the ""door"" molds work best when not attached to the castle frame.  I'm able to get them on and off of the castle pretty easily.  You can reattach them if you want to play with the castle structure, but you'll likely have to do this for your younger children.  They won't be able to do it themselves.  It is true that if you put the ""prince door"" on, you can't easily get to many of the molds to use them.  Another reason to keep the doors off.  You could consider this a flaw or think of it as attaching the doors for castle play and un-attaching them for molding with play doh.As with other play doh sets we've owned, this seems pretty sturdy and we're more likely to loose pieces than break them during the course of normal play.  Oh yeah, don't be fooled by the stock photo of the castle on the box-the castle will not bling like the photo in the box no matter how many lights you shine on it.  The castle is just not as glittery looking as the photos depict, but it is just as fun!"

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.061421949416399,0.06126986816525459,0.05969904735684395,0.05943905562162399,0.055346112698316574,0.06319213658571243,0.06385704129934311,0.05544307827949524,0.06510845571756363,0.05648943409323692,0.07546716183423996,0.06386177241802216,0.05914658308029175,0.07123664766550064,0.05133463442325592,0.07768701016902924
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
This is a Play-Doh set with lots of molds and no tools.  There's no rolling or cutting here, which is fine if your kids are mostly into molding (or if you already have a bunch of tools).  There are three princesses who fit in each others' dress molds (though my 4-year-old daughter believes that would be some sort of sacrilege).  Each princess has a few stamp type molds on the bottom and there are quite a few places to mash Play-Doh on the castle walls.  Rapunzel's tower has an extruder for hair that seems to be everyone's favorite part.  This is not a perfect square and needs to be inserted in the right direction which can be frustrating for little ones.The castle's biggest drawback is that it is small and difficult to share when assembled.  However, most of the molds are easier to use when separated from the castle anyway.
My 3 year old really likes this toy and we play with it almost every single day. It is a tall, sturdy plastic castle with four sides - three are removable. It appears that the plastic almost has a little sparkle in it. Three of the walls are molds where you can press the princesses into the Playdoh to make clothes, and the 4th side is a prince mold. He is not really exciting and his head tends to come off, but we dont mind. The chimney is also a press, where you put a ball of playdoh and squeeze out Rapunzel's hair. It came with 6 tubs of doh as well, including a cool gold color.My daughter doesn't really get into any elaborate designs with the presses just yet, but she likes the molds underneath each doll of various accessories. She also loves the chimney press. She has the most fun playing with the dolls inside the castle with a couple of the walls off; and it really gets her talking and communicating with me as she plays. Its much more fun than some of the more complicated Playdoh toys such as play food, dentists office, etc. This is a great toy to grow into, and is very well made. It is something you will get a lot of years out of and is useful and fun whether you use it with Playdoh or on its own.
Some Play-doh things can be a bit useless, but I don't think that is the case here. This Disney Princess Castle is fun to play with and they make use of every inch of the castle and figures.It comes with six mini play-dohs in cute colors. The figures are good quality, as well as the castle. It is easy to assemble and doesn't seem too cheaply made. You can make hair for Repunzel, make some princes, dresses for the princesses (Belle, Cinderella and Briar Rose) and little extras from each princess' story.Plus, you can open the door and play inside the castle. Our whole family had fun with it and my daughter was very excited while playing with it. We will use this a lot!
This toy arrived just before my daughters (ages 3.5 and 5.5) set off for a week with their grandparents, and it was a godsend.  The kids spent hours happily (and quietly) playing with it during the week.  They haven't gotten it out since they got back, but things have been pretty busy and they admittedly haven't had a lot of time.The toy offers a fair number of different things to do.  There are three princess (Aurora, Belle and Cinderella), each about two and a half inches tall, that come with their own dressmaking mold (or you can mix and match).  There is also a mold to create a generic prince (contrary to the image on the box, he doesn't stand up too well unless you either let him dry out or squash him down a bit).  The top of the castle serves as a press to pump out Rapunzel's hair and there are about a dozen or more molds for flowers, shoes, tiaras and the like both on the castle itself and on the bottom of the princess figures.So your child can spend hours designing wardrobes and accessories for the three princesses and the rest is up to her imagination (let's be honest, this toy is clearly designed for and probably appeals most to girls).  The three princess dress molds can either form the castle walls or be removed to allow open access to the interior of the castle.This set comes with six tubs of brightly-colored Play-doh enhanced with sparkly stuff, which is a plus.  As with most Play-doh sets, it's difficult to keep the colors separated, even if your child is inclined to try, so eventually you will end up with six tubs of roughly grayish-pinkish Play-doh.Overall this is a good addition to the Play-doh line and it should afford your child plenty of fun and creative play time, especially if your child is more imaginative.
"This set is marketed for ages 3+ but in reality, an older child would be better able to manipulate the pieces.  With a set of six colorful containers of Play Doh including a ""sparkle compound"", there is enough to fill the spaces in each of the separate plastic pieces, but the size of the pieces is so puny and the details so miniscule that the doh gets stuck within each piece and doesn't really allow for the three dimensional play it was meant to offer.  The faces of the princess figures are very unappealing.  The top of the castle allows you to press out Rapunzel's hair and this is fun, but beyond that, I found the toy flimsy and of poor workmanship.  The connections on the base were not properly fitted to the separate castle walls and unless you work very gently, the whole thing falls apart very easily.You won't go wrong if you just stick with good old fashioned Play Doh and forget these sets that aren't worth the extra money."
"My 2-year-old daughter loves everything involving Play Doh, and this castle is no exception.  She loves to pick out colors to make skirts for the three ""girls"", and she likes to match the colors to their dresses or to their hair.  I think this toy has taught her quite a bit about recognizing color matches.  She is not coordinated enough to do the actual molding of the skirts around the dolls, so I have to help her with that.  She is perfectly good at ripping off the Play Doh skirts when she wants to change them, though.  She also likes the feature on the top of the castle that will make a ribbon of Play Doh (supposed to be Rapunzel's hair). My only complaint about this Play Doh set so far is that the dresses often get left behind in the molds instead of sticking to the dolls, and that can be frustrating."
We gifted this to my now-4-year-old daughter for her birthday last week and she's in love with this toy. It's our first Play-Doh experience, and she loves working with the dough. Such a fun textile, creative activity for her to work on.I think this toy makes an especially good gift, so if you're looking around for something fun to give a child (ages 3-8 I'd say) and you're stumped, then look no further. The box is bright and colorful and fun to unwrap. The princesses can be seen through windows, and the castle is pretty cute and impressive.The Play-Doh idea, to make custom dresses for the princesses, is definitely fun, though I don't see the activity being long-lasting. What I mean by that is I suspect that in a week or two the Play-Doh will be dried out and she will have lost her interest in molding new dresses. But this is alright because I see this toy as a sort of multi-use thing. The princess dolls have already been introduced to the doll house we already had, and the castle is fun for the dress-making, sure, but it's already been used for other activities, too. That's fine with me!The quality is pretty good, and I like the attention to detail they put into this toy. The dolls even have molds on the bottom for extra Play-Doh details, and the castle seems like it's made pretty well. All the doors on each side opens up to mold a skirt, and the 4th door you can mold a prince! It's cute.As I said, I think this toy is fun, a good creative outlet, and would make an excellent birthday gift for a little one.
"The Disney Prettiest Princess Castle is a great Play-Doh play set designed for girls. It comes with six different Play-Doh doughs including a gold-colored Play-Doh that I've never seen before ... it looks like it has flakes of real gold in it (although I'm sure it doesn't). The play set is supposed to come with three Disney princesses (Cinderella, Aurora from Sleeping Beauty, and Belle from Beauty and the Beast) the play set we received came with two Cinderellas and no Belle. My daughter was a little upset but she got over it since her favorite Disney princess is Cinderella.The Princess figures fit inside one of three ""book molds"" that snap into place around the castle. You put Play-Doh in the mold surrounding the princess and squeeze it shut to make a variety of dresses. The fourth mold is just used to make a prince. Don't ask me why there's only one prince for three princesses or why the prince is made completely of Play-Doh. There are also small accessory molds around the castle that you can use to make decorative items for the dresses or for the princesses to hold.In addition to the castle play set and molds, the tower at the top of the castle doubles as a Play-Doh press with a picture of Rapunzel from ""Tangled"" in the window of the tower. Put some Play-Doh in the tower, mush it down and ""strings of hair"" come out the bottom of the window as if Rapunzel is letting down her hair. Inside the castle there is a little ballroom where you can pretend the princess and the prince are dancing.Any Play-Doh play set might have limited educational value (other than teaching motor skills) but this is Play-Doh and Disney Princesses. As I said in the title of my review, my 6-year-old daughter LOVES this."
Our five-year-old already loves Play-doh and the Disney Princesses, so why not put them together?  This toy has been a delight to her as she makes great dresses, castles, even statues of princes. Granted, this is not very educational, but she does enjoy some pretty good creativity.  She'll probably enjoy this toy for a long time.
Play-Doh Prettiest Princess Castle is a delightfully entertaining toy for little girls.  It is so much fun for child and caregiver alike!  The kit includes hard plastic Cinderella, Aurora, and Belle dolls and hard plastic sparkly castle.  Also included are three cans of play-doh with sparkle compound, and press molds of ball gowns, prince charming, tea pot, bird, rabbit, pumpkin, roses, and others.  There is also a tower for the child to use play-doh to press out Rapunzel's hair. The entire kit is sturdy and well made.Children will have hours of fun with this toy.  The child designs gowns using play-doh molds.  The kit includes a website address for even more design ideas.  This toy is a big hit in my house.  My children love it!
"I usually make my own play clay and give the kids kitchen implements to play with, so this is not a typical toy for our house. When I got it out of the box, my daughter went nuts for it. I could barely get it to the table and put it together.It took me a few minutes to realize how to use it, so reading the directions is helpful. The set is a castle and all 4 sides are used to interact with the Play-Doh. Three of the sides contain princesses. You can use the bottoms of the princess dolls to mold little items that they can hold, or you can put the princess in the big mold and create a Play-Doh dress for them. Bonus: the princesses can just be played with, without the rest of the kit or the Play-Doh.The 4th side of the castle is used to mold a Prince out of Play-Doh. Now, this is full of all sorts of symbolism (really? making a man?), but that is probably lost on the children. My daughter just kept taking his head off and then requesting that I make another one.The top of the castle is used to make hair for Rapunzel (or anyone, really). This works much the same as all the other sets that make spaghetti, or bacon, or hair. Yes, that means that dried bits stay in there and need to get pushed out the next time you use the set.I have one quibble. Well, two quibbles, actually. The first is the placement of the Prince mold. It blocks some of the other little molds on the castle. In fact, I took it apart and tried to put it together in a different way because I thought I'd done it wrong the first time. Are little fingers able to use those molds? Maybe, but even my 5-year-old has trouble using the little molds, so they usually ask me to make those smaller, more delicate pieces. The castle sides also fall off easily. They should come off fairly easily in order to use the castle, but you can't really pick up the kit and move it without one of them falling off. A big rubber band around it should solve the problem.The second quibble is that while this set (and anything like it) is good for creativity and small-muscle development, it's not what I would consider ""educational."" Kids will love any Play-Doh set (like I said: play clay and forks work just fine too!), so the ""princess"" theme is a bit of a turn-off for me. My daughter does not have any other princess items, so there wasn't a recognition factor for her -- she just loves to play with it because it's fun."
This is a clever invention: make a princess' castle and everything about it into a Play-Doh molding machine of accessories.  It's every girls' dream- at least for our 5 & 8 year olds.  They give it a big princess thumbs up!Prettiest Princess Castle breaks into 7 pieces.  A door opens to show a stout prince mold(gotta to have a prince even if he looks a bit like the Oscar statue), towers open to show different dresses, the base has flowers and fans.There are 3 famouse Princesses figures, hands out, Belle, Aurora, Cinderella, and there's also Rapunzel's face in the tower and, as shown, you can drop her golden, clay hair down; moreover, the figures have further imprints on their bases consistent with their story, e.g. Belle can make Mrs. Potts, Chip and Lumiere.It comes with 6 small tubs of different colored Play-Doh.  Assembling the castle takes a minute; a short, no brainer, easy on the Dads, instruction sheet included.A lot of fun, my kids love it; even I could play with it, if they'd only let me!
My 3 year old daughter (like most) just can't get enough of the Disney Princesses and also loves play-doh, so this product is perfect for her! It comes with 6 tubs of glittery play doh.  It also comes with 3 Princesses (Belle, Cinderella, and Aurora) and a castle. You place the princess in the castle with the play doh, shut the door and when you open it up, the princess is wearing a beautiful play-doh skirt.Rapunzel is also in the tower (just a sticker of her) and you can make her hair grow but putting the play-doh in the castle.  It's easy and fun.  Some of the play-doh does get stuck in the little crevices here and there, but a damp rag cleans it out easily.  My daughter LOVES this set and I like it b/c it's not a food set (and doesn't encourage her to eat the play-doh-although in her defense those play-doh pizzas do look yummy, right?!).  She plays with this for hours and even uses the princess figurines with her other toys! Overall, I would recommend this toy for any little princess!
"My daughter is the biggest fan there is of the Disney Princesses.  She just LOVES thisPlay Doh Disney Prettiest Princess Castle!  She loves letting down Rapunzle's sparkly (Play Doh) hair.  She spends a lot of time pretending and creating pretty dresses, shoes, and other items for the Princesses to wear.  It's been wonderful for the past few days when it's been over 100 degrees, and she's had to spend some time indoors.  I would definitely recommend this as the perfect gift for a little girl in the 5-7 age range.It was simple to snap together. It took me maybe 5 minutes to put it all together.  It is easy for my 6 year old to use alone.  We will be giving this as gifts for upcoming birthday parties.  ""SWEET"" toy!  :)"
A princess castle - AND a Play-Doh molding machine. It's a winner of a combination for little girls. I got this for a princess-obsessed 5 year old granddaughter - AND SHE LOVES IT! It's the ideal gift for the princesses in your life, ages 3 and up, it says - I'd guess to about 8. It's a royal combo princess fantasy - count 'em: 3 princesses - Belle, Aurora and of course, Cinderella. Or 4, if you include the sticker version of Rapunzel, whose glittery hair is let down by your little girl in the form of extruded Play-Doh.The whole thing is easy to put together - took about ten minutes, with a 5-yr old doing the work. My particular princess is heavily into royal fashion, and spends hours creating Play-Doh gowns and accessories. She does include other of her dolls, and can escape into her Disney-inspired world for hours. The process stimulates creativity, practicality, and hand-eye coordination.There's a prince, of course - and you need to look for some of the molds under his door.Recommended!
"My 7 year old is having a blast with this toy.  Ok, ok, so me and my toddler are, too.  There's so much to do here: so many molds for flowers, accessories, other characters.  I wish the set came with the standard sized containers of dough, but the little containers in a variety of 6 fun colors have been enough to keep us entertained.We have found that the ""door"" molds work best when not attached to the castle frame.  I'm able to get them on and off of the castle pretty easily.  You can reattach them if you want to play with the castle structure, but you'll likely have to do this for your younger children.  They won't be able to do it themselves.  It is true that if you put the ""prince door"" on, you can't easily get to many of the molds to use them.  Another reason to keep the doors off.  You could consider this a flaw or think of it as attaching the doors for castle play and un-attaching them for molding with play doh.As with other play doh sets we've owned, this seems pretty sturdy and we're more likely to loose pieces than break them during the course of normal play.  Oh yeah, don't be fooled by the stock photo of the castle on the box-the castle will not bling like the photo in the box no matter how many lights you shine on it.  The castle is just not as glittery looking as the photos depict, but it is just as fun!"
