Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
We gave this to our son for his first birthday.  He likes to push the buttons and play the (very annoying after a while) songs, but he can't ride it easily because the wheels are placed wide and right in the way of where his feet need to be.  We used to have a Step Start Walk and Ride also by Playskool, and I thought I wanted something better...well this wasn't it.  In comparison, the Rocktivity is built less sturdily...thinner plastic, etc...(for a good idea of the difference I'll note that we had to run over the Step Start to kill it...and now I keep ushering my 3 year old away from the Rocktivity because I just know he'll damage it if he rides it)., it is also much harder to adjust from riding to walking and back (you have to undo screws to change positions), and it is harder for the little guy to push it along when riding.  This isn't terrible, but it is NOT the one I'd choose if I were still in the market for a rider/walker toy.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.05280707776546478,0.05209718272089958,0.05472593754529953,0.05146249756217003,0.05114632472395897,0.05348940193653107,0.053562019020318985,0.05239785462617874,0.05171004682779312,0.056121185421943665,0.050478894263505936,0.05174165964126587,0.05340717360377312,0.05264659225940704,0.0491136759519577,0.05238627269864082,0.05321759358048439,0.05332907289266586,0.054159536957740784
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
My daughter is 15 months old and not quite walking yet. She stands up on her own and cruises along furniture, so I thought this might help her start walking. The bike is very easy to assemble. It only takes about 15 minutes to put together using seven screws (that come with it) and a screwdriver. It's easy to convert from a rider to a walker by simply squeezing two tabs underneath the bike and pulling the seat up into a locked position. The seat has a handle for little ones to hold on to and walk along. The bike feels does pretty sturdy and safe. My daughter got the hang of riding it very quickly and she really, really loves it. She hasn't had the confidence to use it as a walker (yet), but I'm going to keep trying with her and hopefully she will enjoy that as much as she enjoys riding it. Oh! I forgot the best part for parents who aren't crazy about noisy toys, it does have volume control for the music. Yaaaay! This really is a great toy and I recommend it as a first rider/walker for the little ones.
My daughter LOVES theRocktivity Music Skool Table, so I was excited to see how she liked this, but it has been a disappointment. You really need a lot of open space to get going on it, and space is at a premium in our home, and more than that, it only plays a couple of songs while she rides or pushes it. She can honk the horn, turn the handle to make the throttle noise, but that's all it does. Compared to the Rocktivity Music Skool Table, which has so many more features and options for creative play, I just don't think it's that good a toy. For the space it takes up, and especially for the fact that you need a lot of open space to play with it properly, if you have a HUGE home, go for it, but otherwise, I would recommend the Rocktivity Table, because of the variety of ways to play with it and the different ways my daughter can make music on it herself, as opposed to the Rider, which she only has to move to make it make music. Also, the limited choices of songs gets old quickly, unlike the Table.
Assembly: Thankfully, this toy was nice and easy to assemble, taking about ten minutes and one screwdriver.Use: My toddler was captivated by the bright colors, and immediately wanted to play with it. Getting on and off was a bit of a problem, but he was able to master it over time. He likes scooting across the floor in, and the music is quite nice...and tells me exactly where he is.Conclusion: It is a very nice toy to get for someone with a toddle, and the child will definitely enjoy it.(Review of Rocktivity Walk N Roll Rider Blue by Playskool)
There is no shortage of noisy toys for toddlers nowadays.  It seems like every toy designed to grab their attention has to out `loud' the other toys.  It is nice to have a toy that produces sounds and music without being overtly obnoxious, because lord knows when you have a child, and especially CHILDREN, that obnoxious is a daily event.My wife and I selected this Walk and Roll Rider when we found out we were expecting our son, and I must say that I'm very happy with it.  The music is flashy and fun, he's entranced by the shiny colors and the bounty of noises, and he's very comfortable `growing' with this toy.  I love toys that grow alongside your kids, because it validates spending the money on them.  Kids grow out of everything (seriously, I hate spending $50 on shoes they'll wear for three months) and so when you can get your hands on a product that will last them a few YEARS, it's a wonderful thing.The conversion to walking is pretty easy (he's not using that aspect yet) and he fits nicely on the seat, although he has a little trouble getting on and off by himself at this point.  Still, once he's seated he loves banging away at this thing.  The bike is easy to maneuver, and I think this will be a great toy for his motor skills as he gets older.  While it is very gender neutral with the color scheme (I would have loved a little more design here), it works for what it's needed for.As long as he's happy, I'm happy; right?  Not always, but this is one toy we can both be satisfied with.
Four stars and maybe getting five down the road depending on longevity and interest, this is an adorable brightly colored toddler vehicle.While it can be used as a walker toy, it definitely holds a gleeful little one when used as a rider.The horn, the handlebars, the music, and the varoom are just perfect for getting around town, an apartment or home!Not long to put together, batteries included, 'we' both expect this 'Rocktivity Walk N Roll' to provide many hours of safe travel!Note...weight limit is 42 pounds...so consider this when ordering.
I have only positive things to say about this toy. It was super easy to assemble (which was a big plus for me and my mechanically-challenged self), it rides smoothly, looks cute, is sturdy, and the music it plays is way fun. My 20-month old has used this today, more than any of the other Christmas presents she got this year. She gets a big smile on her face every time she presses the music button and a tune kicks in (the song selections, while limited, are good, fun choices). So really this toy is a big winner that I heartily recommend to parents or other loved ones of toddlers.
I got this for my 20 month old boy.  He is kind of big for his age and will only be able to ride for a few more months on it.  So I would recommend that this is good until about the age of 2.  The bike snaps together and has 7 screws to hold it together.  It is very easy to assemble and takes about 5 to 10 minutes to put together.  My son loved it as soon as I put it down he hopped on it and took off.  He loved pushing the buttons and making the different sounds.  The are about 15 to 20 sounds/songs and they get kind of old pretty fast to me but he loves them.  The set can be adjusted to ride or flip up as a handle for those just learning to walk.  Overall a fun toy that kids will love and also something to hold onto for those learning to walk.
"We bought this for our 16-month-old for Christmas, and he already loves this!  He can't help but press the button for the music and ride around.  He also loves to do his ""wave his arms"" dance when listening to ""I Like To Move It"".  I wouldn't say it is as educational as the Rocktivity Turntable, since it doesn't teach letters and numbers in English and Spanish.  On the other hand, it is still pretty entertaining for him."
This scooter does make some noise, the key starting makes noise, the buttons and bells make noise so this toy is not for the faint of heart.  But boy is it a blast! He loved it, I've uploaded a picture on the product page so you can see; your child will be just as thrilled.  This thing makes real engine noises, he turns the key over and over. Probably not a toy to take to Grandma's unless she is 70 going on 17! LOL. Definitely recommend for your toddler.
We gave this to our son for his first birthday.  He likes to push the buttons and play the (very annoying after a while) songs, but he can't ride it easily because the wheels are placed wide and right in the way of where his feet need to be.  We used to have a Step Start Walk and Ride also by Playskool, and I thought I wanted something better...well this wasn't it.  In comparison, the Rocktivity is built less sturdily...thinner plastic, etc...(for a good idea of the difference I'll note that we had to run over the Step Start to kill it...and now I keep ushering my 3 year old away from the Rocktivity because I just know he'll damage it if he rides it)., it is also much harder to adjust from riding to walking and back (you have to undo screws to change positions), and it is harder for the little guy to push it along when riding.  This isn't terrible, but it is NOT the one I'd choose if I were still in the market for a rider/walker toy.
This Rocktivity can be used two ways. To walk with or to ride. We tried out both ways. My 1 year old is learning to walk, so using it to walk with is great! She was able to walk around with is and get a little more comfortable walking around. The riding is just as neat! She loves to ride on it. I like the music choices, considering I've about had my fill on toddler music lately (it's all the same!). Thankfully this toy has music that isn't bad for adults. You are also able to control the loudness. It rolls very nice on my hardwood floors. I would defiantly recommend this to little ones who are learning to walk or ones (that aren't over 42 lbs.) who like to roll!
"I was a little skeptical when I first opened the box that contained the Rockitivity Walk and Roll Rider, mainly because I wasn't sure how our son (11M old) would handle the riding part of the toy. I mainly got the toy to be used as what may be a more stable walker option to the ones we have which our son seems to pick up and push over very easily.The moment we opened the box and put the thing together, our son studied the thing and seemed to hop right on it. From the get go, he loves it!  He just loves to ride on it while we pushed him around. He'd press buttons and hear all of the songs while happily smiling. Of particular note is the song ""Life is a highway"" by a band I cannot seem to remember but a very fitting song to be included with the Walk N Roll.The rider can be converted into a walker with an easy flip of a clip system at the bottom of the rider.  The walker seems to work fine and is fairly stable but hard for me to personally comment since my son rarely ever uses it as a walker.A VERY fun toy and VERY Reccommended!"
I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised about how easy it is to put this together.This is great for my 15 month old . Right now he likes to push it like a car through the house.He will sit on it but no able to push it with his feet to make it go. He just likes sitting on it and pushing the buttons and bounces and dances on it. I am so glad that this music is not to loud, kids music can be annoying. I have to say this is very sturdy, he will eventually out grow it before it breaks  and thats a good thing. Bright color nice buttons and nobs great play toy.
"It's another ride toy for your baby/toddler!  There are so many of these, and there aren't too many features that set this one apart from others I've seen/tried.  You can switch it from a walker to a ride-on, and it's cool that it's a motorcycle.  And it even plays some popular music!But:-- the toy is WAY too sensitive.  If it barely moves, it will break into song.  It seems like it will break into song even if you don't touch it.  Great for your baby, not so great when you have older kids that run into everything, too.  Of course, you can just switch the power off, but who actually does that?-- the demo mode button is RIGHT THERE.  If you have a baby who loves switches like mine, you might find yourself stuck in demo mode, so the same songs will play over and over again.  If you're not in demo mode, there are some more songs that play over and over again.-- Follow the instructions.  I thought I was taking a short cut and accidentally skipped a step when fastening the wheels on, and almost needed to break the toy apart to fix it.  Luckily, my husband is handy and was able to remove the yellow ""bolts"" without breaking them.Like I said, though, it's pretty cool that this toy plays more than your standard ABC's and Twinkle Twinkle.  Some of the notable tunes are Smash Mouth's Walking on the Sun, The Beatles' Ticket to Ride, I Like to Move It Move It (from Madagascar) and Life is a Highway (which i know from the movie Cars), along with Wheels on the Bus and When the Saints Go Marching In.  Plus, it's a motorcycle, which makes your toddler look all the more cooler as he zips through the house.ETA: I've had a few people email me about how my husband successfully removed the yellow bolts-- I guess I'm not the only person who skipped a step in installation!  He wrote a little description of how he did it, so I figured I'd post that here for people who need help:I used a long flat screw driver to reach inside to push the wheel out while at the same time using another flat tool to pry the wheel out from the outside.  To get at the inside, I had to slip the flat screw driver in at a seem where two pieces of plastic came together. It took a considerable amount of force.  So much so, that I thought that I would end up breaking some part of the plastic."
I got the Rocktivity rider for my 13 month old.  She walks, so we never used it as a walker but she still likes to push it around like it is one.  Assembling the rider took about 20 minutes.  The instructions were simple but I had to go search for a precision screwdriver because my phillips head was too big to fit in the screw wells.  Most of the parts were snap together with  seven places where you needed to use the included screws.  After assembling, I changed the batteries which are on the back of the handlebars, and flipped it to play mode.  If your kid can't figure out how to push themselves, you can put their feet on the foot rests and push them.  The front tire is not actually a wheel, so it doesn't go very fast and can be frustrating for a child when using on carpet.The songs are catchy, it rotates between rock versions of classics like When the Saints go Marching In and London bridge, and rock songs Life is a Highway, Walking on the Sun, I Like to Move it, and Ticket to Ride.  The big red button will make noises or play a song when pushed, the horn beeps, and the key revs the engine.  The handle bar on the right rotates and clicks.  Beware, this thing makes never ending noises, but you can turn it off and adjust the volume.It seems a little flimsy and I'm not sure I trust their 40 pound weight limit, but for now it has held up well.  I think it's a good first ride on toy, but use it on wood floors or cement for the best results.
Everything about this bike is fun, in my opinion. The colors are great, the music is fun, the horn on it is also fun. I love that it goes from helping to walk to just learning to ride this. I can't say anything else but it's just plain fun!
"My son is totally on his own ""schedule"" -- he's 16 months and not walking.  But this walker helps, a lot, and I think it might will help him get to walking by 18 months.It's also pretty safe.  I was worried about it, because I've heard so many stories about kids falling down stairs on walkers, but if you have good child safety gates up, that shouldn't be a problem.  He leans on it, and it moves forward, but it still stays pretty stable, and he's able to ""walk"" to keep up with it.There are lots of noises on the walker too, but I don't use those -- I haven't even attached the front handle yet, (which requires tools). Right now, it's enough for me that it helps my kid take his first steps, as safely as possible, which it does."
"I gave ths Rocktivity Walk N Roll Rider to my (then) 9 month old grandson for Christmas.  He's a pretty good crawler and is pulling himself up and starting to ""cruise"" along the walls, furniture etc, although not ready to walk yet.  I thought he might like to try pushing the Walk N Roll as he started walking and once he mastered that stage, we could turn it into a rider. He had other ideas - but he loves the Walk N Roll Rider the other way around.  When my son assembled the toy (which was fairly easy and quick!) - he read the instructions about setting up the Rocktivity as a Rider before he read the Walker instructions.  Once my grandson saw the Rider - he hopped on and took off and as far as I know - he's still riding.  He loves it - especially because he sees  his big brother riding on ""big boy toys"" that wouldn't be appropriate for 10 month olds.  He seems to have no trouble maneuvering the Rocktivity as a Rider and has no problems with balance.  I'm not sure he'll be willing to have theRockitivity converted to the Walker mode, but he's started to push other lower objects lately, so I suspect this toy will be a hit all around.This is definitely a fun toy and I'm sure it's helping his large motor skills and his balance and coordination.  I'm not sure how ""educational"" it is - but in my humble opinion, not every toy has to be strictly ""educational.""  As I mentioned, the Rocktivity Walk N Roll Rider was easy to assemble, no missing parts, no safety issues and so far seems quite durable.  I'd definitely recommend it to anyone with an older baby or young toddler.  The nice feature is that I think this Walk N Rider will last for months because of its dual feature."
"My 11-month-old is just beginning to learn to walk, by cruising around on furniture and the like. We were hoping this would help stabilize him, while encouraging him to have fun with walking and I think it was pretty successful. Being that he's just starting out, he's isn't actually walking with the toy yet, but he climbs all over it and does stand with the walker portion of it. Once he starts moving, I think this will really help to balance him quite well.The bright colors are attractive to him and he's always pointing at it to go sit on the seat. He LOVES the music (though I could probably do without it myself) and ""sings"" along with the tune -- meaning he yells as loud as he possibly can. He's having fun, but I'm investing in ear plugs. He also gets a kick out of the motor noise. What little kid wouldn't?? It sounds like his own little version of mom and dad's car.I would definitely recommend using the walker before the riding part, as he sometimes loses his balance and falls off the side. With myself or his dad by his side, he loves to sit and once he gets the hang of moving his feet, I'm sure he'll love riding around.Doesn't scratch up our floors at all and works on our living room carpet very well. We love it! The price point is great for gift giving, considering how long this will be able to last."
