Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
My wee one loves all things Littlest Pet Shop, this FAIRY FUN ROLLERCOASTER PLAYSET is no exception.  Fairies plus LPS?  What could be more perfect for a 7 year old girl?The FAIRY FUN ROLLERCOASTER PLAYSET is easy to get out of the box and to setup.  It must be because my little one did it on her own without any help.  I wasn't even in the room.  Another plus?  NO BATTERIES REQUIRED!  The FAIRY FUN ROLLERCOASTER PLAYSET is a purely mechanical toy; a rare find in this electronic day and age. It runs on girl power, which both my daughter and I found very cool. All your child has to do is press a lever; this moves the stairs upward, transferring the small figures and vehicles to the top of the slide.  Eventually, they end up back at the base of the stairs. If you continue to press the lever, the vehicle will be sent back up the stairs to the top of the slide where it will make its way back down again.  Continuous action = continuous fun!Brightly colored and made of study plastic, the FAIRY FUN ROLLERCOASTER PLAYSET is the perfect addition to your child's LPS collection. It promotes independent, imaginative play, and clearly provides hours of fun.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.04570052772760391,0.056726694107055664,0.06070331484079361,0.045458558946847916,0.0513550341129303,0.05278175696730614,0.05935167893767357,0.049583882093429565,0.1057325154542923,0.08282691985368729,0.04262061044573784,0.057186059653759,0.06082227826118469,0.048497311770915985,0.04729347676038742,0.060446105897426605,0.03995407000184059,0.03295924514532089
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
We love Littlest Pet Shop toys and these from the Fairy Fun Rollercoaster Playset have become fast favorites.From my 12 year old: This toy is really cute. The animal's little faces are adorable. It's fun to push the button for the animals to ride up the stairs. If you push it too fast, they fall off. The three little ones fit on the stairs. The big one is too big to fit so it just sits on a cloud. The animals that go up the stairs and then slide down are on little pegs that have wheels which makes them slide easily. The difference between these LPS and regular ones is that these are smaller and they have wings. The older LPS had magnets on the bottom but these have holes instead.From my 9 year old: It's fun! It's unique. I have never seen a rollercoaster LPS before. I like to think of them as dragons instead of fairies. They are pretty colors like green and orange and even multi-color. I like the big one the best because of all of its colors.From me: This toy fits in nicely with the other LPS's that we have. The rollercoaster isn't too big and the kids really enjoy playing with it. If you like LPS, you'll love this one.
"My daughter has been loving Littlest Pet Shop forever. She likes these new fairy pets, although the fairy here doesn't make either one of us think of a fairy (little person with wings). It looks more like some cute, mythical flying butterfly or insect, or some cute alien crittter. But she thinks it is a neat design and reminds her of some of the ""custom painted"" Littlest Pets that some people customize and sell on ebay. The three mini pets that come with this all look like regular animals, but all have little fairy wings on them.Our cat is loving this new rollercoaster set. My daughter taps the button that makes the 3 little pets go up the steps, then they roll down the slide while our cat tries to catch them.My daughter's complaint is one piece that holds the rollercoaster up comes off easily when she picks it up to move it, but she said it does go back into place easily enough. And she is disappointed that this fairy Littlest Pet doesn't have a bobblehead, like the older Littlest Pets do. (She also preferred the ones that had magnets in the bottom, but that's been a few years since they stopped doing that).For the most part, she is liking this set, and so it the cat. :)"
Littlest Pet Shop Fairy Fun Roller Coaster Set is a girl's toy featuring the Littlest Pet Shop characters. It is a colorful, cute toy that offers action without the need to purchase batteries. The operation is mechanical so kids can play as long as they want without the worry of batteries dying out.This toy is nice for many reasons and besides the lack of batteries, the toy offers some simple operation and continuous action. All your girl has to do is press the lever, which moves the stairs upward and slowly transfers the small figures and their vehicles to the top of the slide where they glide around and wind up back at the base of the stairs. If you continue to press the lever, it will gradually pick up the next Littlest Pet Shop figure and send it up the stairs to the top of the slide where it will, once again, make its way around the slide to the base of the stairs.My girls like this toy and both they and I find it to our liking. If I had to find some type of fault, it would be the tendency for the small vehicles to sometimes get out of place when they reach the base of the stairs. I haven't witnessed any problems with the vehicles gliding smoothly down the slide- the only problem I notice is that the little vehicles will sometimes get out of place at the stairs, requiring some manual assistance to re- position them. This is most likely to happen if kids get carried away and move the lever too quickly. Keep the speed at a moderate to slow rate, and there shouldn't be any problem.Mechanical toys are nice and even though the Fairly Fun Roller Coaster Set has little or no educational value, it is still a nice toy for girls in the target age group. It is cute, colorful, and provides hours of simple amusement without the need to purchase batteries.
"LPSO seems to be constantly bringing new and exciting toys for their fans. The Fairy Fun Rollercoaster is no exception. & how exciting to see fairies added to the LPSO toy collection!This product required more assembly than what I'm used to with LPSO toys. I found the written instruction to be headache inducing, so I just assembled by looking at the photo on the box. Easy peasy! The product appears durable and well-made. Exactly what I expect from LPSO toys. It comes with an assortment of cute toys. One regular sized fairy LPSO and 3 tinier ones that can ride the rollercoaster on the included ""cars"". This is a great addition to any little girl's LPSO collection."
I gave this toy to my five-year-old daughter.  She needed my help assembling it, but it was pretty easy. Just click in parts and ready to play in like 5 to 10 minutes.  The parts seem pretty durable.  There's a stair when you manually lift the characters up.  I like it because there's no battery needed.  The characters are made of rubber material, so won't break.  My daughter was very excited when she got the toy.  But, the fun factor doesn't last too long.  She plays with it like 10 to 20 minutes at a time.
"My daughter really loves ""Littlest Pet Shop"" characters. She really loves Barbies, Polly Pockets, Littlest Pet Shop and all of these other things that let her use her imagination but still have some things laid out for her (furniture, etc.)This toy was quickly integrated into the menagerie of toys and has played a large part in many Littlest Pet Shop adventures that I don't even pretend to understand."
This toy is adorable. The colors, the little animals, the slide itself, but the toy overall, doesnt impress me. this is HAND cranked, and does not use batteries. At first i thought, how neat, save on batteries, whoo hoo! however, there lies the problem. when you hand crank the little guys up the steps and down the slide, if you do it too fast they get stuck, and almost every single time one animal will get unbalanced and stuck on the bottom, then you have to figit around to get it standing straight again so it can climb again. years ago my son had a battery operated rollercoaster slide and it worked sooo good. he loved being able to sit and watch the penguins climb then slide over and over. this one just frustrates my daughter and me. i dont know how long we will keep this one around, but i doubt for long. she got tired of it after 10 minutes, and hasnt touched it since. really disappointing.
You know , it must be tough making toys. You know going in that the person using them are going to abuse them if they really like them. And if it isn't built well enough , the kid's gonna hate it when it breaks. The parents won't be too happy either after shelling out the $$$$$$$.This rollercoaster playset was a great surprise for one of my nieces. She ripped the box to shreds and proceeded to play for several uninterrupted hours.I was pleased to find that on our next visit , she was still playing with it in one piece !
My wee one loves all things Littlest Pet Shop, this FAIRY FUN ROLLERCOASTER PLAYSET is no exception.  Fairies plus LPS?  What could be more perfect for a 7 year old girl?The FAIRY FUN ROLLERCOASTER PLAYSET is easy to get out of the box and to setup.  It must be because my little one did it on her own without any help.  I wasn't even in the room.  Another plus?  NO BATTERIES REQUIRED!  The FAIRY FUN ROLLERCOASTER PLAYSET is a purely mechanical toy; a rare find in this electronic day and age. It runs on girl power, which both my daughter and I found very cool. All your child has to do is press a lever; this moves the stairs upward, transferring the small figures and vehicles to the top of the slide.  Eventually, they end up back at the base of the stairs. If you continue to press the lever, the vehicle will be sent back up the stairs to the top of the slide where it will make its way back down again.  Continuous action = continuous fun!Brightly colored and made of study plastic, the FAIRY FUN ROLLERCOASTER PLAYSET is the perfect addition to your child's LPS collection. It promotes independent, imaginative play, and clearly provides hours of fun.
My almost 4 year old really loves LPS, so this was for her and she was thrilled to see it arrive. Assembly was straightforward and only took a few minutes, but watch out that you don't lose or accidentally discard the small pieces, there are tiny bridge pieces to hold the slide together. It took us a couple tries to get the critters moving up the stairs and down the slide correctly, they kept falling off their track, but it works well enough now that she doesn't get frustrated with it. The figures seem to be a large pink moth type critter, a turtle fairy, a bird fairy, and a squirrel fairy. The three small ones are really tiny, so we had to put this up out of reach of 2 year old little sister. It seems kind of limited as far as what you can do with it, but my little one is still entertained by it for now, and you can also have other LPS creatures come and play on the platforms, so there is that. Overall cute, but not likely to be durable, so I would recommend just setting it up somewhere and mostly leaving it there.
"My 9 year old LPS lover adores this new roller coaster set and especially loves the ""fairy"" pet that comes with the set.  It comes with 3 additional mini pets, but the large fairy one was her favorite.The fun and unique factor of the roller coaster is high.  There's a manual button you press to make the pets ""climb"" up the ""steps"" to ride the roller coaster.  It's a bit flimsy and sometimes the pets fall off the steps and don't make it all the way up so you end up just placing the pet at the beginning of the slide part.The 2 narrow green bases that are designed to hold up the coral colored slides do not fit securely in their places and always just fall down.  Fortunately the slide holds up just fine without these extra pieces, but it's frustrating nonetheless.  They should have designed them so they snap into place better rather than just kind of sitting in the grooves loosely.Those are just my nitpicks with the toy, but my daughter loves it.  She's played with it every day before and after school since she's gotten it and is a nice addition to her ever-growing LPS collection."
My daughter is an LPS nut. We thought she'd outgrow them, but at nearly 10, she has created a very detailed world in which they hold jobs, get married, run for office, etc. She even had an LPS Olympics.Needless to say, when a new product comes out, she's eager to add it to the collection.  Personally, I think $20 should be the price max for these toys, so that kids can save their allowance and buy some of these big pieces themselves. I suspect that when the holidays come you will find this on sale in limited quantities for less. $19.99 would be a deal.Regardless, although you will find that what the other reviewers say is true about (lack of) sturdiness, etc., my daughter simply doesn't care. She loves the fairies (LPS does keep things fresh), and who doesn't love a roller coaster? When I factor in how much this actually gets played with, it does rate 4 stars.
If you have a little girl who loves the littlest pet shop this will be great to add to her collection.I thought it would be a little bit big but big enough for your little one to play with this with a few friends.Great imagination play and cute figures to add to your collection. Overall will be a big hit for the little one. Just wished that it had a few more pieces to the playset.
"My 8-year-old is in full-blown ""cute little toys"" stage, with LPS, Squinkies, Zinkies and Polly Pockets everywhere.  The box of this toy says ""adult assembly required"" but she figured out how to put it together on her own.  Instead of the thin brittle plastic that many of these playsets are made of, the LPS rollercoaster is made of thicker plastic that just feels very solid and snaps back together easily if something comes off.  There are two tree-trunk-shaped supports for the track, but the track stays up even if the supports are missing, they just make the coaster less likely to tip over.  Very good design.I also like how it's completely kid-powered and not too noisy.  To work the coaster, you put any of 3 tiny colorful figures on any of 3 wheeled cars by snapping them on a post (note: Squinkies don't fit, their holes are too big).  Line them up, making sure the tiny symbol on each car is facing forward, then press a lever repeatedly to get them to climb to the top of the coaster and roll down.  A large winged fairy can watch from one of 3 perches or a swing.  Of course, there's lots of room for all the other LPS fairies your fairy-master is sure to want to collect, each sold separately.DD plays with this a lot and pronounces it five stars.  It says ages 4 and up, but players may need to be a little older so they can understand that the cars have to face forward to work, and don't bang the lever too hard.  But this seems solid enough to pass on to siblings and stand up to plenty of coasting."
My daughter, lover of all things LPS, almost had a little girly heart attack when she opened the amazon box this came in. At first glance, I thought this was going to be just like the mechanical toy with the penguins that go up the stairs and then comically scoot down the slide only to repeat the process over and over...I love those kind of old fashioned toys. This is not one of those. As soon as she opened the box, I went to go get the batteries. But then I noticed it didn't need batteries. The little fairies go up the slide by having the child pump a lever up and down, which must be done at EXACTLY the right tempo and pressure, otherwise the fairies fall off the stairs or get stuck. My six year old could only get it right about twenty percent of the time and even I had trouble doing it. the fairies also kept getting stuck on the slide and the support beams underneath the slide kept popping off. After a about ten minutes of working with this thing we all got frustrated. This would have been so much better if they had just made it have batteries that worked the stairs.
Very colorful, not difficult to assemble, and very action oriented. Yes there are little pieces, but they are not the focal point. Lots of fun and entertainment for little girls like my granddaughter.Update February 16, 2013: My granddaughter is now two and can easily operate by herself the lever that makes the fairies walk up to the roller coaster and slide down. The best part is that this toy requires no batteries.
This rollercoaster set comes with a standard-sized Soaring Skies Fairy (#2795) along with three littler friends that have also been fairy-fied: a bird (#2796), turtle (#2797), and squirrel (#2798). The little pets have a surprisingly nice detail of heads that can turn.Before getting this, I wondered why there wasn't any information online about the batteries it would take. The fact is, it's kid- and gravity-powered! When a button is pressed seven times, it causes a stair-lift to raise one of the little rollercoaster cars to the top (all three cars can be on the staircase at a time). Two metal rollers on the bottom of each car help propel it down the track. There are a couple of things that could have been improved upon with the cars. The main one is that they can get off track a bit, especially with they hit the bottom of the staircase. However, it's not something that happens regularly. The other thing is that it would have been nice if there were one or two more sets of little characters and cars. Three doesn't seem like quite enough.I tried a few standard-sized Littlest Pet Shop animals (dog, guinea pig, and rabbit), and they won't work with the actual rollercoaster. There's always some dimension (height or width) that gets in the way and hits part of the track. There are a few places they can sit on the toy (including a swing), but some kids may be disappointed that the rollercoaster itself won't work with the standard-sized pets.The fairies are a new product, so I'll comment on the fairy a bit. The fairy may be a little bit of a letdown for anyone familiar with Littlest Pet Shop animals, due to two changes. First, she's made allover with a softer plastic than normal. Sadder is seeing the bobblehead gone. Her head can be posed manually, but won't bobble. It's more of a Barbie-doll type connection than a bobblehead one. I also just don't think the fairies are as cute as Littlest Pet Shop pets tend to be. This isn't much of a concern, though, since the fairy is just a decorative piece in this set, and not necessary for play.Overall, this is a sweet pastel-colored playset. I commend Littlest Pet Shop for coming up with a fun toy that has moving parts, yet doesn't require any batteries.
My almost eight-year-old daughter has been collecting LPS toys since she was five years old, and loves them all to bits. She never seems to tire of playing with them along with her BFFs, and I've seen some pretty intricate storylines conjured by these little girls during playdates!This latest Fairy Fun Rollercoaster goes great with the Fairy range of LPS toys. The set itself is quite well thought out, and even though it comes without being assembled, the entire process took me less than ten minutes and the set up was really easy (no tools required). This setcomes with one fairy LPS figurine, the Soaring Skies Fairy, and she has three little friends, i.e. a bird, turtle, and squirrel. There are three little carts that help the little friends (the bigger LPS toys are too heavy) to slide down the roller coaster and my daughter had great fun with this feature.There's a hanging flower swing, a gazebo, and an arbor which add to the fairy theme and make this an engaging set to play with. There's even a moving staircase that adds to the fun. This is one of the better LPS playsets, and as stated by the manufacturer, it is suited for ages 4 and up.
