Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
"My three and four year old nieces like magical creatures such as fairies, unicorns, elves, gnomes, etc.  They didn't hesitate to give this Flora's Fairy Garden from Wow Toys (UK) a try.Likes:*Simple and colorful plastic playset to foster kids' imaginations.*Fun activities such a twist and lift elevator, a swing, a swing open gate leading to a ""waterfall and pond (painted plastic and stickers)"", and a teatime table/tub.  My nieces exclaimed, ""Fairies can fly! They don't need elevator!"".  I replied, ""They have to save their pixie dust for the really special times like birthdays!""*The kids like the soft pink pastel colored garden funhouse with bright green foliage and white flower petals.*Good for kids to develop creativity, basic hand/eye coordination,  and develop social interactions/skills while sharing this playset.*No batteries required.*Similarly sized figures from Playskool and Legos can also be used in this playset.Slight dislikes:*It's good to portray realistic looking fairies, but Flora and Florence are really homely looking.  Reminds me of the Cabbage Patch Kids; big round faces, little beady eyes, stubby fists and feet.*It would be nice to have some diversity!  Both Flora and Florence have golden hair.  There should be brown, black, red haired, and boy fairies!Overall:A pleasant, simple, fun to play with toy set for children under age five."

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.042396850883960724,0.04390059784054756,0.04374362528324127,0.04614361375570297,0.04510387033224106,0.042677491903305054,0.043203264474868774,0.044099338352680206,0.04385082796216011,0.042514920234680176,0.04289036616683006,0.04420546069741249,0.04270341992378235,0.04364512488245964,0.044147007167339325,0.043585650622844696,0.04184189438819885,0.043319568037986755,0.045427557080984116,0.04128365218639374,0.043633509427309036,0.04275961592793465,0.04292276129126549
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
I got this for my nieces, who are 2 and 1 respectively, which puts them at the lower end of the age range for this toy.  Like any toy you give a baby it'll entertain her for a little bit, though you could probably achieve the same effect with something from a dollar store, which would be a lot cheaper.That is all.
"Just kidding. I know this is not a Warcraft toy. Ha ha ha.The age range for this toy is 1.5 to 5. I think for an 18 month old, the features of this toy are too advanced. Because there isn't really anything for her to ""do"" with this toy, my daughter is not so interested. She carries the fairy pieces around the same way she walks around with her Little People. But, since the house doesn't play music or speak, she is uninterested. I think as she gets older, she may find it more interesting. The flower elevator is very cute. Also, everything on this toy is manual, so you don't have to worry about batteries.This Amazon prices on this toy is kind of high, the list price is ridiculous. But, it is a sturdy and cute toy that I think will have a long lifespan. You will have to decide for yourself if it is worth the price."
This WOW set reminds me of the Little People sets that I had as a child but this set has some added features. I like that the play set has some moving pieces which are good for fine motor skills and teaching cause and effect: the swing swings and there is a flower that spins and lifts a flower elevator. Two figurines are included. It doesn't take batteries so it is ready to play with, nothing more needed but imagination.It seems very durable and it is not cheaply made. It's just really cute with the pink, flowers and little frog.
"My three and four year old nieces like magical creatures such as fairies, unicorns, elves, gnomes, etc.  They didn't hesitate to give this Flora's Fairy Garden from Wow Toys (UK) a try.Likes:*Simple and colorful plastic playset to foster kids' imaginations.*Fun activities such a twist and lift elevator, a swing, a swing open gate leading to a ""waterfall and pond (painted plastic and stickers)"", and a teatime table/tub.  My nieces exclaimed, ""Fairies can fly! They don't need elevator!"".  I replied, ""They have to save their pixie dust for the really special times like birthdays!""*The kids like the soft pink pastel colored garden funhouse with bright green foliage and white flower petals.*Good for kids to develop creativity, basic hand/eye coordination,  and develop social interactions/skills while sharing this playset.*No batteries required.*Similarly sized figures from Playskool and Legos can also be used in this playset.Slight dislikes:*It's good to portray realistic looking fairies, but Flora and Florence are really homely looking.  Reminds me of the Cabbage Patch Kids; big round faces, little beady eyes, stubby fists and feet.*It would be nice to have some diversity!  Both Flora and Florence have golden hair.  There should be brown, black, red haired, and boy fairies!Overall:A pleasant, simple, fun to play with toy set for children under age five."
"Flora's Fairy Garden is a veritable fountain of imaginative fun for any little one.  It's solid, very well-made and with only a couple of My Pocket Friends, Flora and Florence (2 1/2"" tall), there's less likelihood that there will be disappointment when something is misplaced or lost.  It's easier to keep track of two pieces than twenty.I'd suggest keeping the colorful background.  It's bright, very colorful, and the graphics are awesome.  You can see a couple of fairies flitting around.  The three characters are Flora, Florence, and Francis, the Frog.FEATURES `n FUNCTIONS:&#9788;  Waterfall pool with stepping stones&#9788;  Opening garden gate with functioning swing&#9788;  Rotate flower umbrella to grow flower lift&#9788;  Balcony tea party with figure seats&#9788;  Two removable playing figures: girl called Flora and Florence the fairy&#9788;  Suitable for ages 1.5 to 5FLO'S PROFILE:Known as: FloIn a nutshell: Magical and mischievousLikes: Fairy dust and woodland creaturesDislikes: Trolls and poisonous toadstoolsLikes to hang with: Pippa and RosieThis is simply one of those toys where youngster can use their own imaginations.  There are no loud noises, but simply a few moving parts and a lot of imagination to be had.  Flora's Fairy Garden is a fantastic place to explore and have fun.WOW TOYS:WOW Pippa's Princess Carriage - FantasyWOW Dynamite Daisy - Racing CarsWOW Cupcake Chloe - TownWOW Poppy's Pony Adventure - FarmWOW Tilly's Take-off - Holiday & AdventureGirls Day OutWow Toys Sport Car Purple Racing Car Special EditionWOW Penny's Pooch `n' Ride - Holiday & Adventure"
This super glossy play-set certainly does WOW! The attention to detail is fabulous. Each little face is cheery and emotive. Moreover, I love how each figure is painted with a multitude of colors (instead of the monochromatic clothes that we usually see on these types of toys).The set is incredibly durable, inspires creativity, and offers the following educational benefits:From 1 years - Sensory stimulation and motor skill developmentFrom 2 years - Discovery & learningFrom 2 years - Social interactionFrom 3 years - Role-play & explorationThese WOW toys require no batteries but still offer exciting, moving pieces. This entire line of toys is JUST gorgeous. You absolutely will not regret your purchase!
I didn't have high hopes for this small little playset.  It is a bit silly, fairies seem a bit quirkily painted, etc.  It ended up getting a fair amount of play, mostly because it has little activities that work quite well.  The elevator is great, smooth, easy to operate using the flower.  Both my 1 and 3 year old can work it, and it's frustration free, wish other toys did this.One downside, the door in the water room (seriously the room has a stream in it, what?) does not open, it's just painted. Queue kids asking Mom to open the door...awww.
The Flora Fairies is a fun little toy that has a daisy elevator and a swing and two places on top for the small dolls to stand in.  When we first opened it, our 4 year old was interested in playing with the doll on the swing and turning the daisy to pull up the elevator.  She hummed and sang a little but it did not hold her interest for long.  We then put it in the dollhouse toy box for when smaller children come over.I saw some complaints about the packaging of this item before I selected it and I risked it, even with a perfect manicure.  No swear words were used in the unpackaging of this item, but there were quite a lot of gratuitous wires.  I understand that it is important to keep the parts seated in the place you want them to be in, in the box when it is on display in a store.  But I fail to understand why a tiny person doll has the have plastic wire tied all the way around it twice, then around the swing, and then twisted around its back, two pieces together, then the ends twisted separately - just to keep it standing in the swing.  That sticky stuff that you can never get unstuck from debit cards when they come in the mail?  Why not use that?  Why not use an infinitesimal amount of something sticky?  Anyway, it wasn't enough to swear over, but it did seem unnecessary.  That is the end of my rant on packaging before Christmas.  It may be repeated though.
This is a great little playset! I love Wow toys because they make very simple playsets that really rely on a child's imagination to make it fun. This set is not covered in buttons and buzzers and it doesn't make a bunch of noise. It's just a simple play toy ready for a child to make of it what they will. The pieces are very sturdy and actually reminded me quite a bit of Fisher Price's little people. There is plenty here to keep little hands busy. The colors are bright and beautiful and will catch the eye of any child. The price is quite good as well. And you can definitely mix and match with other Wow sets and make a cute little village. Great Christmas gift!
"This is a fantastic let's pretend toy for the toddler.  It has the features like the similar ones for slightly older children, but it's built for fingers that are less nimble and everything is slightly simplified.It still occupies the toddler with games of pretend.  Face it, anything that keeps them occupied and learning is a great thing, and I was also impressed with the overall durability of the toy.  We will see how it does over time, but if this toy is an indicator of quality, WOW toys are a brand all grandparents (and parents too) should look at.So, for the girlie-girl sorts, who want a ""house"" to play with, this is ideal.  I'll have to see what else they offer for pretend for the less girlie moments in my young lady's play time!Oh, and don't be concerned if you are considering a toy for a 3 or 4 yr old and this one is rated for 1 1/2 yrs-5 yrs.  It's got plenty of potential, especially for children with some eye/hand coordination challenges.  The main features are there, but there are none of the fussy small pieces that frustrate the very young (and their grandmothers) and end up everywhere but with the toy."
My niece and her best friend really loves this playset.A rarity, a toy that one can have loads of fun with THAT REQUIRES NO BATTERIES, that's money saved!It even comes with the figures!Recommended!
This is a nice, simple little playset. There aren't very many pieces, but it seems high quality. My 3 year old and 5 year old enjoy playing with it together, and it integrates nicely with their other small toys. I do kind of wish there were a couple more characters included or something, it is very basic.
Bright and colorful play set that doesn't require batteries and is filled with imagination for your child. Very study and filled with plenty of cute characters that will entertain for hours.
"Thank heavens for toys that don't require batteries! Whether you are eco-minded or frugal or both, it will be a relief not to have to put batteries in this toy. And I love its durability. The plastic is quite sturdy. And colorful, of course. The little ""elevator"" is a sweet innovation and will reinforce or teach fine motor skills. This is a great rainy-day toy!Some confusing aspects, however: The box says ages 1.5 to 5 years. But on the Amazon page, it says there is a small parts choking hazard, and should not be given to children under age 3. Also, the box says no batteries are required (and none are), but the item description says, ""Nonstandard Battery batteries required"". I guess a child's hand could be considered a ""nonstandard battery""? :)"
"First let me say that I do like little blonde dolls, I do.  But I don't ONLY like little blonde dolls.  And since this playset comes with TWO dolls, why not make them more unique?  These aren't twin dolls, but they are both similar and both blonde.  I wish one of them had had a different look. I am always in search of darker haired dolls for my niece.And I wish both of them were cuter.  Very unattractive little dolls here.However, the rest of the playset is really darling.  It's well constructed, the moving parts work well. The ""elevator"" is awesome and easy for little hands to work.  The colors and bright and cheerful; I love the little daisy on top.  It's very engaging."
Flora's Fairy Garden from WOW is much cuter than appears to be in the photographs.The set comes with the a multi-level garden scene with working doors, elevator and swing, with a frog pool with a waterfall and stepping stones and a tea party module on the second story.  There are also two removable figures, Flora and the Fairy. The latter has pink wings.The pieces are made of heavy plastic and the moving parts give the little hands something to do.This was a great hit with the youngsters when I told them that Flora is the princess of the fairy garden.
I thought that this was a great little to with only three pieces. My daughter calls it a small doll house, and not this garden is her added on edition.  I like the idea of not a lot of pieces because it makes for great pretend play as well. Like that it does not take up a lot of room. Pieces  will not be all over the house. Great toy to start a little  girl off before buying a dollhouse.
While mildly amusing this is definitely not as good of quality as toys such as Fisher Price I remember playing with --  however a much better price point than Fisher Price.PROsinexpensivemoderately durablePink which is a big positive for my granddaughterCONSwhile designed for imaginative play not as inspiring as other similar toyswhile will last for a while will not last the decades that more quality toys lastsize seems a bit small for the age range advertised for
For the price, this set is not all that great. It is hard clunky plastic and rather small. There is nothing special about it. The flower spinner on top is easy to use for little hands, to use the elevator and the froggy is a cute addition I suppose, but there really isn't much to do at all with this set. I cannot for the life of me figure out why it is priced so high... It does not seem particularly well made, nothing special about it, it does not seem any more high quality than any other toddler toys by Fisher Price etc. I would much rather spend the money on Little People or something similar because they do not have that cheap hard plastic feel to them and there is usually much more to do with their sets. I can't recommend this Fairy Garden. Sure it's pink and cute, but that's where it ends.
This is an adorable little set that will encourage imaginative play.  It's surprisingly interactive for a toy with no batteries.  The pieces are smooth, strong, and suitable for little hands.  In addition, there are little details hidden here and there that are sure to delight.My daughter loved the set and it's fast becoming a favorite.From a mom's point of view, it seems like it will last a very long time, it has relatively few pieces to lose, and it's very colorful.Now, I do want to say that the packaging is simply awful.  It took far too long to extract the pieces from the box and make this playable.  If my daughter weren't in the room with me when I was opening it, there would have been loud cursing.I will not mark the toy down for the packaging, but be prepared for a little frustration.Overall a very nice, cute and durable toy.
"If you want to understand the WOW line, imagine someone saying ""Ok, parents and kids love Little People, what should we do to make a better quality version and charge twice the price?""  That's where you get WOW.  Since I own both, I can say that the WOW playsets are better quality, thicker plastic, and perhaps a bit more thoughtful with respect to what you can DO with the set.  I feel that this set is more educational that little people ... the spinner that makes the elevator rise is actually a great challenge to my little toddler.  It's a level beyond pushing a toy bus, etc.My biggest annoyance was that it took 10 minutes to unapckage this toy.  Tightly wound wires hold the little dolls in place in the package so it looks perfect.  But man, getting the doll out of the swing was awful.  I wished my hands were half the size - I could barely navigate the wires around the little doll and swing.  Very frustrating.  Also, no matter how you justify it, these are expensive for what they are.That said, if price isn't an issue and you don't mind the unpacking, this is a very sweet little playset that is definitely nicer than a little people set.  My 15 month old daughter really loves it.  She hasn't quite figured it all out yet, but she loves putting the little dolls in the swing and pushing them.Very very sweet set.  5 stars if you ignore the price and the packaging."
"My 3 1/2 year old daughter loves playing with doll houses and figurines, so I assumed that she would like this toy.  She played with it for about 20 minutes, after which it got pushed to the side.  I've tried to interest her in playing with it several more times, but she insists that it's ""boring"" and for babies.The toy itself is made nicely, and seems very durable.  I read somewhere that WOW is one of just a few toy companies that use totally non-toxic plastic, so that is a definite plus.  The packaging is atrocious.  It took me close to 15 minutes to detach the multiple wires that held everything together.  15 minutes feels closer to a lifetime, when an anxious preschooler is asking you to hurry and trying to help."
.....and no PVC. Like all WOW toys this one seems very sturdy and well made. No nerve-shredding noise, no batteries .just a little kids imagination. Targeted for 18 months to five year old but, in my opinion, it's too UN-sophiscatd for a child over three.
