Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
My son loves the Where's My Water app.  When I saw this game, I couldn't wait to show it to him.  The concept is similar to the app, but in a real-life simulation.  Assembly is the tricky part.  You set up the board, attach the pegs and add in obstacle courses based on the scenario cards you draw.  Each player takes turns with their scenario, sending marbles down the chutes to try to get them into Swampy's tub.It's a very fun game - my kids had a blast sending marbles down the chute and trying to aim for the tub.  Our only issue came with keeping the game together.  Perhaps we got a loose set, but we had trouble keeping the pieces attached to the board.  Every time a marble would go down, a piece or two would get knocked off and we'd have to reset before the next marble.  After a few scenario cards, this got a little frustrating to my younger child.  If it would have stayed together, I would have given it a higher rating.I love that this game makes kids think about how they are going to get their marble down the board in different scenarios.  It comes with over 40 cards, so there are plenty to work with, and you can even come up with your own combinations for additional play. It's set up very similar to the app, so kids who have played the app will get the concept quickly.  Overall, it's a fun game.  It would be even better if the pegs and pieces fit a little more snugly and were not so easily knocked off the board.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.055328045040369034,0.051087167114019394,0.05741901323199272,0.05158410593867302,0.04810256138443947,0.051579058170318604,0.05179645121097565,0.055396877229213715,0.05229826644062996,0.053621914237737656,0.052945975214242935,0.05043959245085716,0.05194908753037453,0.05446663126349449,0.05209498479962349,0.050360485911369324,0.054785821586847305,0.05134130269289017,0.05340268462896347
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
"So my kids like the iPad games like ""Where's My Water?""  It's a great puzzle game on the iPad, but the transition to 3D gameboard leaves a lot to be desired.UNBOXING:The board, the base/tub, AND a whole lot of pieces (pegs, balls, cards, obstacles, etc)!REVIEW:As most reviewers have indicated, this game is a beastly thing to put together.  Every piece that you see in the pictures needs to be attached to the gameboard.  Think of a pegboard in your toolshed.  Now imagine if you got a whole bunch of tools that needed to be hung on your pegboard at the same time.  Yep, that's about how much fun it is to put the gameboard together.Everything for the most part holds tight the FIRST time you use it.  However, to put the game back in the box, you must dis-assemble most of it.  The subsequent times you re-attach everything, of course the pieces are looser.The game itself is pretty simple: pull a card, release a marble, see if it gets to Swampy's tub.  Very easy to learn--the game is best played by my 6 and 8 year old.  My younger ones knock a lot of pegs out if they bump the board the wrong way.OVERALL:I can't say I recommend this game.  The online version's a blast.  What did Disney do here?  Well, they capitalized on the computer game and authorized a poor representation in board game form.  You can't go wrong with Plinko... unless it's this game.  I do not recommend this game, except for maybe diehard ""Where's my Water?"" collectors."
We got this game for our son for Christmas because he absolutely loves the app on the iPad.  The setup of the game is a little complicated and not something the kids can easily do on their own.  The board has to be partially disassembled to fit it back in the box.  The time it takes to set up to play a round is a little lengthy, too.  The game is played similarly to Plinko (The Price is Right).  Marbles are dropped in the top and you hope they don't hit and knock the purple balls into your side.  Another downside is that after setting up a round, you do not want to hit the board, or all of the traps and bonuses you have set up will come loose and you'll have to redo it.  The actual game play is very uncomplicated and all of our kids from 4-8 can play it.  But having to change the layout of the board for each round becomes a little tiring, resulting in less rounds being played.  It was a good attempt to turn an app to a board game, but not a home run yet.
My son loves the Where's My Water app.  When I saw this game, I couldn't wait to show it to him.  The concept is similar to the app, but in a real-life simulation.  Assembly is the tricky part.  You set up the board, attach the pegs and add in obstacle courses based on the scenario cards you draw.  Each player takes turns with their scenario, sending marbles down the chutes to try to get them into Swampy's tub.It's a very fun game - my kids had a blast sending marbles down the chute and trying to aim for the tub.  Our only issue came with keeping the game together.  Perhaps we got a loose set, but we had trouble keeping the pieces attached to the board.  Every time a marble would go down, a piece or two would get knocked off and we'd have to reset before the next marble.  After a few scenario cards, this got a little frustrating to my younger child.  If it would have stayed together, I would have given it a higher rating.I love that this game makes kids think about how they are going to get their marble down the board in different scenarios.  It comes with over 40 cards, so there are plenty to work with, and you can even come up with your own combinations for additional play. It's set up very similar to the app, so kids who have played the app will get the concept quickly.  Overall, it's a fun game.  It would be even better if the pegs and pieces fit a little more snugly and were not so easily knocked off the board.
Unfortunately this wasn't the most successful attempt to bring a tablet app into a real 3D game. Disney Where's My Water? Game is fun enough and it could entertaining little ones for a little while but it is not very durable. The fact that there is not water involved is also somewhat disappointing. So nothing horribly wrong with it, just not the greatest.
"For me this was a toss up between a rating of a ""3"" and a rating of a ""4"".  The game itself is very simple to figure out and play, it is fun and both my kids - ages 6 and 10 - and I had a blast playing.  With that being said, I am a bit let down with the construction of the game.  Within the Where's My Water? Game, there are different pegs - duck pegs, poison pegs, water shoot pegs, etc.  There are also 48 game cards that you use to set up the board on each round.  Simple and easy enough?  Yes.  However, there are a couple of the pegs that do not fit into the holes very well and are very loose.  When we place the marbles on these pegs, they flip over sending the marble down the board, thus upsetting the other marbles and pegs.  When this happens, we have to re-set up the board and have actually just stopped using those certain pieces and made up our own board sets rather than use the cards.  Needless to say, this is very frustrating and annoying.  If the pegs fit into the gameboard properly, I would not hesitate to give this a higher rating.Actual game play is very simple.  A player picks one of the 48 cards and sets up the gameboard according to the picture on the card. The players then take turns sending their marbles down the top ""water pipes"".  The goal is to get as many of the yellow and blue marbles as possible.  Purple marbles will take points away, so beware of those.  The player with the most points at the end gets the playing card and play continues until one player has 3 cards and is then the winner.  I do have to say that one of the aspects that I like about this game is the fact that it can be played alone or with one other person.  There are not very many games out there (board games that is) where one player can have fun playing on their own.  I also love the colorfulness of the game and it is very visually appealing.Would I pay $20 for this game?  Honestly no, not with the peg issue.  If this was not an issue, I would be more apt to pay that price.  How much would I pay?  I would say between $10 - $15."
My advice is not to try to put this together amid the chaos of opening presents and entertaining guests. This is one to take some time with so you do it right. Personally, I wish all presents came completely assembled, but it has never been that way and never will. The game concept is fun, worth the time spent assembling it right the first time.
"I bought this game for my nephews who can't get enough of the app. And unlike it's ""Angry Birds"" physical counterpart, the ""Where's My Water?"" game provides a lot of fun, without the hassle of lots of scattered and easy to lose pieces.The way the game works is that there are 4 tubes at the top where you pour the ""water"" (marbles in this case), and as the marbles work their way down the board ""Plinko"" style they take a fun ride along several paths. The goal of the game is to get your ""water"" into the tub at the bottom.The kids can spend a bunch of time movig the pieces around to see how many combinations they can make to get the marbles into the tub and not lodged halfway up the board. This is a fun game that let's them use their brains, problem solve and have a good time.If you have kids that like playing the electronic version, they will love this game."
Seriously, don't bother. The app is great and we all love 'Where's My Water?' but this 3D version falls very flat. It's set up like a plinko game so it should be cool. Everyone loves plinko. Unfortunately, in real life, that means lots of teeny tiny pieces that have to be moved around so you can set up the board to resemble the cards for each game. Every time you move said teeny tiny pieces, the board tries to fall over. Why is that you ask? It's because the back brace is cardboard. A not-so-sturdy piece of cardboard. Every time you take the game apart to put it away, that not-so-study cardboard piece gets a little bit more not-so-sturdy. Plus, after you've carefully set up the game board, you have to be extra careful to not knock it over. Trust me, if you don't, down it all goes. Heck, if you look at it funny, it's gonna collapse. At least Swampy and Perry the Platypus are cute, plus there's marbles and marbles are cool. Seriously, save your dollars and save yourself the frustration of aggravated parents and a crying child. Trust me.
"Disney and Hasbro didn't QUITE make this work well enough to be fun for the long term.  If your kid has played the app version of this game, they'll want to play this because they're familiar with the app...  so set aside some time to assemble it.  (If you plan on giving it as a gift, assemble it beforehand - it's not fun to assemble.)So after its all assembled - it's OK.  It not heaps of fun, and it's certainly not going to be a long-term go-to game.  It's great that Disney brought a ""real life"" game to a video game, because we all know too many kids stare at screens for too long, but as an adult, I can tell you that the video game is more fun and has more replay value.  The fun for this game is mostly when playing it with others.Quality:  it'll probably hold up for several months with young kids (6-7) playing with it...Overall, this is an OK game (the app is more fun) that's fun to play every now and then with others.  If your kid loves the game and you want to spend time playing with them instead of them staring at pixels, give it a try!"
"The popular game app ""Where's My Water?"" has been crafted into a pretty decent board game. It stays true to the concept of the app games, and does a decent job of approximating the app(s).While the physical board game does have the multiplayer aspect going for it (the apps are single player only, if I'm not mistaken), the apps are honestly more engaging, and I can't picture a kid going back too the physical board game too often once they get into the app games.Also, the build for the physical board game feels flimsy and cheap. Fortunately, the two game apps are included free with this board game, so that alone makes this a pretty good deal for those looking for a cheap but engaging holiday gift.I wish it was constructed better, but for what you get at the price point, it's a pretty good deal, overall. Recommended."
"I like the idea of games like this that are physics/action oriented.  And this is certainly a winner in concept because my son plays this on the tablet and loves it.  He also likes ""marble run"" type games, so I thought this would for sure be a home run.  But in practice this game is really flimsy and breaks apart easily (especially when kids are using it without adult supervision).The board face is plastic but the ""stand"" it stands upright with is cardboard.  You have to disassemble this each time you want to put it back in the box.  Over time this is going to degrade and soon I fear it will no longer hold the board upright then the game is going to be unworkable unless we figure out a way to prop it up at the proper angle.The game pieces are plastic and pop in and out of the board like pegs.  This seems ok for now, but again - with use will not the cardboard wear out causing the holes to grow bigger and the pieces not to fit as snugly?So while this game seems fun right out of the box I see problems in the not to distant future and I can't say this game is going to last that long especially with heavy use."
My son loves the game on his iPod but wasn't sure if the board game version would be a hit or not. I'm happy to report that it has been a great success and he's even gotten his much older cousins to play along for a while without complaining! The older kids really enjoy the designing aspect of this game. It's fun for them to create new layouts every time they play. Gameplay is quick and easy which is always great for younger kids and it's not too simplistic that it becomes a chore for older kids and parents to play along. I'd think any little one would enjoy this game whether they've played the iOS game or not. My son has always been fascinated by marbles and marble runs so this was an added bonus. Recommended!
"I generally end up playing the ""Where's My Water?"" app at night to fall asleep, since I have insomnia, and since it's a puzzle game, it makes me think, thus sleepy.  I also, love the whole game, it is a lot of fun to play, though I was a little leery about this board game version, but it actually is a lot of fun!I didn't end up setting most of the game up, my husband did, I could have figured it out, but he's much better at that.  I didn't have a problem getting the back piece in or out though to set up or break down, You just have to squeeze it and it pops right in or out.  :)  There are a lot of pieces however, especially with the pegs, and I put all of the pieces in bags so they don't get lost, this, in my opinion, isn't a game for a child under 7, just too many pieces to lose.  With all the pieces, it was a little bit daunting, even for my husband to put together, but once you do it, it looks really nice, and it is a lot of fun to play.  No it's not as complex as the actual app, but it's a fun simplified version of it.You can play it alone even, which I have, because my husband got sick of playing with me, I had a grand old time putting the boards together and trying to get all the ducks, and yes, there were many times I did not.  It is especially challenging when you get to make your own board.  :)  Since it's only a one or two player game, it is not a party game, but it's definitely a fun game to play when you are board or babysitting, which I do, farely often.  :)I only have a couple minor complaint, and that is that I think it should come with as twice as many scenario cards, but it does come with a number of build it yourself cards with a certain number and type of pieces on the cards, so that gives it some variety. Also, sometimes, the pieces on the board pop out when they are not supposed to, but it's not to frequent, and it's not too big of a deal.Overall, I think if you like the app, and you'll like it, it's cute, and pretty fun to play overall, I think it's worth the money if you it's your cup of tea.God Bless ~Amy"
"It came in a box, I had to unpack it... and its not ON MY PHONE.The set up of this toy was kind of a pain. There were many parts which made it more difficult and would be a red flag for those with small children in the house. It is a very cute game and a neat idea, although we question the longevity of this game.After setting up the ""board"", you have to drop the marbles (plinko style) down from the top to the bottom, watching for obstacles along the way.My kids played for a few minutes and then quickly loss interest. The worst part for me was that I had to disassemble it to put it back in the box and store it. That's a bummer for future play."
alright...this frustrated my kids because it would never stay up. they sort of had to prop it up to get it to stand properly. other than that issue they had fun playing it and were familiar with the game from the app. so far, since xmas, they have played a handle of times and it will probably get added to the rotation of family games that we all enjoy together.
This game is a lot of fun when you get going, the problem is getting it set up and getting the pieces to stay once you start playing. Getting the game set up for the first time takes about 10 minutes, you have to punch out cardboard pieces and put the game board together, put in about two dozen plastic pegs, and then you get ready for setting up for each level. You draw a game card, set up the game to look like the picture on the card, and then place yellow and purple marbles where they should sit according to the design. The two players take turns dropping their five blue marbles down the spouts at the top, and after each turn you slide the alligator at the bottom back and forth to that player's side. The person with the most points (based on the marbles they have in their side) wins the card, first to three cards wins. Unfortunately sometimes when you drop a marble in it will knock a piece off, or knock a peg off, and then you have to reset, you have to get kids to be delicate when playing as not to destroy the game set up. This is better for older kids although it worked fairly well with a three year old playing a nine year old. It takes less time to play a round than it does to set up, but I guess it would be less frustrating for parents if their kids were old enough to set the game up themselves.
My kids love the Where's my water and Where's my Perry apps and play them quiet frequently.The set up took a little bit and i was a little intimated, but once I sat down  and laid everything out it wasn't so bad.  I also just went ahead and found a kind of permanent spot for it so I don't have to bother taking it apart to put it away.My kids seem to enjoy playing with it and setting up the game to match the card that is drawn.There could of been more cards but there are build it yourself cards so that adds variety.  I found it fun too and I really like that its something to play with that isn't my kindle. (No batteries or electricity required).The age suggested is 5 and up,my kids are 4 and 6 they both are more then capable of playing the game my eldest is more gentle with it. That's important because i don't believe it will hold up with rough play.I think this would be a fun game for kids already familiar with the apps and there are some helpful hints included for the apps and thats a cool bonus!
I've never played the Where's My Water app.  I'm sure the app is good and addictive for at least some people.  It might even be a great game.  This, however, is not.It's flimsy, it's totally random, will probably bore children after just a few plays and it isn't a game that adults will want to go out there way to play with their kids.  It's basically Plinko from the Price is Right!Compare this to Magic Labyrinth by Playroom Entertainment (one of several great kids games that Playroom makes) or something like Toc Toc Woodman.  Both of these other games look like gimmicks (Magic Labyrinth with its hidden maze and magnet figures, Toc Toc for its dexterity style game of chipping away bark pieces for points), but they both work.  Period.  Kids like playing them and adults will enjoy playing them with their kids or even on their own! So why buy something like this, an idea in search of game.
"This toy is most fun for children who already love and know the ""Where's My Water?"" App.  That being said, I do not encourage any parent to introduce their children to apps.Children who never heard of the App didn't enjoy the toy quite as much as those that did.  The pieces did not always stay in place, as other reviewers also found.Each card shows how the pegs are supposed to be arranged on the frame, and the players are expected to configure the pegs on the frame in accordance with the picture.  Once the pegs have been properly placed, the players place the marbles down the funnels and the marbles fall down depending on the peg configuration.  The player with the most marbles on his/her side wins.  Sometimes the pegs fall out of the board but usually they stay in place.I would recommend this game for the 6+ or even the 7+ age group, but probably not the 5+ age group, as the marbles are a choking hazard.  Also, setting up the pegs according to the card designs might be a bit too complicated for all 5 year-old children."
