Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
First, let me start with the positives of this toy. It is a lot of fun, especially if your hold is a Chuck fan. However, it is basically a one trik pony and I question the longevity of it and how much it will be played with after a few days. I must say it is very cool how Chuck lips to the track and can go upside down. My four year old had a ball with it. It is also a lot smaller than I thought it would be, which could be good or bad depending on your situation.However, it is not made well at all. The snaps holding the track together continually separate and the bottom dirt road part doesn't even clip into the main unit. It just sits there. The connection is not tight or permanent at all. My son eaily pulled the elevator right off.The manual is awful too. It took about ten to fifteen minutes to get together and I consider myself to be fairly good at assembling these thing.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.06741604954004288,0.0698036476969719,0.06502488255500793,0.06970790028572083,0.06495904177427292,0.06782492995262146,0.06882946938276291,0.06631039083003998,0.06842353194952011,0.06495509296655655,0.06449085474014282,0.06289754062891006,0.06599089503288269,0.06681925058364868,0.06654651463031769
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
"This toy was relatively easy to put together -it took about ten minutes.  The quality of construction is also fine -nothing to complain about.It looks reasonably sturdy, and the pictures on the box (though labeled on the box as ""a fantasy"" picture of the product) correlated relatively well to what the product actually does; it's not like a fast food picture, where what you get isn't as appetizing as the advertisement.However, the product itself has a 2 second time of action -the car that you place on the ramp is on the bottom in two seconds.  In my opinion, that is way too short to keep attention.  It really needs to be twice that long.  Since one you place the car on the track it rolls by itself (on a guide-track) the child can't manually move the car back and forth along the track which takes a lot of the fun out of playing with it.Second, there is only one car that comes with the set.  This means that only one child can play at a time.  A second car would have at least offered the opportunity to make things more exciting.Next, though the set says no tools are required, that is not true.  A Phillips screwdriver is required for the battery cover.  That's no big deal, but after going to the effort of putting batteries in, I was a little disappointed in the results.  It was a little underwhelming --just some phrases repeated over and over again-- not different sounds based on whatever location the car was residing in.I just felt that this toy had been done a lot better with the folding matchbox garage (with a long, winding ramp) that I had when I was a kid.I think if you buy this toy, unless your child is VERY young, the wow factor is going to be lost pretty quickly."
First, let me start with the positives of this toy. It is a lot of fun, especially if your hold is a Chuck fan. However, it is basically a one trik pony and I question the longevity of it and how much it will be played with after a few days. I must say it is very cool how Chuck lips to the track and can go upside down. My four year old had a ball with it. It is also a lot smaller than I thought it would be, which could be good or bad depending on your situation.However, it is not made well at all. The snaps holding the track together continually separate and the bottom dirt road part doesn't even clip into the main unit. It just sits there. The connection is not tight or permanent at all. My son eaily pulled the elevator right off.The manual is awful too. It took about ten to fifteen minutes to get together and I consider myself to be fairly good at assembling these thing.
I spend more time assemble this toy that the time my son played with chuck tornado, the toy has good quality and the design is nice, bright colors but was boring.
Required 2 AA batteries are not included to satisfy excitement at unpacking. Chuck Tornado Tower does not have many functions to play with, but its main exciting one of rising and propelling the included car offers endless possibility of playing the challenges: who will direct the car, so it will go farthest, jump highest, fell most of blocks, park most precise, follow a narrow way marked with blocks, etc. It creates an enormous number of possible scenarios of arrangements and activities that may keep imaginative children occupied almost forever.The toy is made of durable plastic easy to clean and to keep sanitized. Though intended for ages 3 and up, it is simple and durable enough that even younger children should be able to play with older ones as well. There are not small accessories that may be easily swallowed. The relatively narrow base does not provide exceptional stability, but the upper part of the toy is not heavy, and an older child could easily protect a younger. The toy seems quite unique.
We love this thing! What a great toy. The Tonka Tonka Chuck Tornado Tower is fun for kids and adults. It can be added to the Twist Trax system of played with on it's on. The set is easy to set up, fun to play with and durable. Kids 3+ will love it. The Tonka Tonka Chuck is adorable. The sounds are engaging and fun. I can definitley see us playing with this for quite a few years. The colors are bright and attention getting. This is a great addition to the Twist Trax system. I would recommend this toy to any boy or girl, however, I would not give it to a child under three years old because of the small parts.
This track was very easy to assemble and Requires no tools except to put in the batteries. My boys loved this and played with it quite awhile but I can see were the fun will wear out pretty fast.  They loved moving the truck up the elevator and then watching it go down the track and flip off.  I thin it might make the fun last longer if you had some of the addons but that is were they make there money by getting you to buy extra tracks to make it more fun.  Overall a fun toy that they will play with for awhile.
Well, this thing doesn't do too much, and the kids got bored of it pretty quickly.-Assembly was easy.  You don't need tools, unless you count the screwdriver needed to open the battery compartment.-There are two areas where, when activated, it makes noise.  One is at the base in the front - there's like a little bay/parking spot for the truck.  It makes a bunch of noises and talks about checking under his tires etc.  Not too repetitive, but still gets old quick.  The second place is where the truck makes a jump, and it's always either some people screaming or engine revving or cheers.-Here's what this thing actually does:  You take the little truck-guy, put him on the orange elevator thing you see on the right, and manually lift that up to the top.  This is annoying, because there's no good place to grab it, and if try using just one hand, you'll likely tip over the whole toy.  At the top, you have to push the truck down a track, which it zooms down and flips around upside-down for a bit, then makes a jump at the end and onto the floor, while the 2 plastic flags pop out and you get some kinda noise.-My kids - ages 5 and 7 liked it well enough but weren't that thrilled with it.  They soon got tired of the elevator thing and instead just put the truck on top, and watch it go down the twisty track.  They liked the sounds and stuff but really, there's not too much to the toy itself.  We're leaving this at Grandmas and letting any visiting kids play with it there.
"I was prepared to love this toy but having seen it in action I believe it is one of those toys that will be fun for a day or two and then forgotten, get taken apart and pieces scattered and add to the clutter. It take batteries but all the batteries do is allow the toy to ""talk to you"" and that aspect is annoying to adults and doesn't really add to the action. Basically you set the little car at the top of the track and it races down the track and flies off the end.  It is basically a one function toy.  And if you lose that little car you are sunk.  So I would not really recommend this unless you are a grandparent that is going to pull this out once every six months for the grandkid and supervise its use so you don't lose pieces."
This Tonka tower track toy has been a big hit with my two grandsons, and they've played with it every time they are here..for a few weeks now.  It has a cute voice, the truck is really nice, and they are fascinated that it clings to the track and goes upside down.  It IS pretty cool!  They also like putting the car on the elevator lift, and sending it to the top.  A few things I did notice though:  there are a few parts that come off easily when they are playing, but except for those parts, it doesnt come apart easily for stowing away.  It also comes with only one car, and since you need this special kind for this track, you probably will want an extra or two.  I thought for the price they could have included at least 2.
"Chuck the Truck is one of my 3-year old son's most requested cartoons on Netflix.  When I surprised him with the Chuck Tornado Tower, his eyes lit up and I heard his excited voice repeatedly exclaim ""Chuck!  The Truck!""  Within minutes, I had the tower assembled for him, batteries loaded.He truly has had fun with this toy, but my experience with it has been that I need to be within a few feet of it whenever he plays with it.  The elevator, if pushed a little bit too high or pushed down too low, unhooks from the superstructure.  It happens ever time he raises or lowers the elevator.  The brown landing ramp also will not stay where it should despite construction which, all evidence would suggest, was designed with that in mind.  The little flags which are supposed to pop up when Chuck reaches the bottom of his descent work well... when you can get them to stay in their holes during set-up.  Of all these things, the elevator is the most frustrating to my son.  ""Daddy?  Could you fix this for me?""  Again and again and again.  Good luck trying to do a couple of chores as your son plays... although it is a good excuse to ignore the dishes and the trash to sit down and play with your kid.Note that the only thing this toy really does is it has one little truck go down a short, looping track, the full trip lasting maybe one second.  Aside from that, you can also drive it onto a little lift, which initiates one of a few phrases from the title character.  That's really about it.  It's a pretty space-filling toy to do so little, and it's really not worth $40.I think my son would disagree with me based on this toy's Chuck-the-Truckedness, but I wouldn't recommend it.  There are many electronic learning toys that don't cost much more than this item which would occupy a child's time more effectively and with less frustration."
"My son loves cars and race tracks so I thought this would be right up his alley. Sure enough, I opened the box, put it together and he maniacally played with it...for two hours. The next day, he played with it for a few more hours. By the third day, he spent some minutes with it but showed little interest otherwise. This, from a kid who normally has a long attention span.The problem is, there isn't much to do with this. Sure it looks awesome, but you can only see the car spinning down so many times. And even though the box says it has over ""30+ sounds and phrases!"" it gets old really quick. Even to young ears. These days, he just plays with the little truck that comes with it independent of the track.From the parent perspective, I had a hard time putting this together. The pieces don't fit well: track pieces kept popping out, one of the stands was supposed to insert into two places but I could only get it to fit in one place. The landing has a tendency to rise up so my husband put a rubber band to attach it to the main piece. The flags don't work. In the end, I don't think this toy is worth the trouble or the money."
It tooks us about ten minutes to assemble this track.  There are also stickers to put on which my boy loves to do.  A step-by-step instruction is included. Once you fixed them altogether, it is a lot of fun.  Chuck goes pretty fast on the slithering roller coaster-like track and jumps on a bridge gap.  Chuck the happy truck seems to be well made, kinda heavy and can be played by itself.  The truck doesn't go on the elevator by itself though; you have to push him at the top to make him go.  The electronics is mainly for sound effects.Batteries are not included.  I think batteries should always be included specially if you are buying this as a gift.
My son will be 4 this month and loves anything to do with trucks, bikes, planes or boats so I figured he would enjoy testing out this play set. Boy o boy was I right he loves this thing even if it only comes with one truck (I will purchase a few more eventually) . We have had it for a few days and its holding up well and still gets played with on a normal basis. Some other reviewers mention a stability problem with the toy, however it has not been an issue for us.Both of my children enjoy trying to get other vehicles down the ramp as well but it doesn't really work out. The phrases and noises are fun and yes can be a bit annoying if your not use to that kind of toy. Keep in mind there is an off switch! Overall its a great toy for a 4 year old, so as long as you have the patience to put the thing together and batteries on hand your all set for some good ole Tonka Tornado Tower fun!
Adult assembled this one pretty easily, four year old boy actually played with it for an hour or so, returned couple times during the day and that's about it. He does play with the car though as part of his all other cars, not as part of this game.
This is a fun toy and it looks good and by first glance it looks like it would be fun to play with. Takes about 10 minutes for together and is somewhat sturdy. It's colorful and has some thought put into its design. It says about 30 things if I'm correct. You take a little truck and put it on the garage and it'll say some words and then you manually bring it up in the elevator and in about a second it quickly rolls down the track. The truck has grooves underneath that hang on to the track so this type of vehicle must be used on this tower. There's a little jump at the end that the truck flying through two flags that it drops to the side. That's pretty much it.A little child maybe 3 or 4 years old will get some use out of it and have fun playing with it, but for how long that depends on your child. If your child is a fan of Chuck and Friends just that alone will probably give him longevity playing with this.Recommended, although a bit pricey.
