Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
"My 5 year old niece loves Barbies, animals, and legos, so I was sure this would be a hit. Unfortunately, the directions are hard for a young child. I helped (did most of the work) building it the first time. But I don't think she could put it back together the ""right"" way again. The lego pieces are TINY, which she doesn't mind. But she'd rather play with it after it's already built the correct way or help me do it. Which kind of defeats the purpose of having a lego set instead of a pre-built Barbie set. I wish there were more actual LEGO pieces. Instead, there are a bunch of teeny-tiny accessories for various staging areas, such as flowers, hair dryers, and bones. This was a cute idea, but not much building can be done with the few pieces. But at least a lot of playing will be done with the little Barbie and her tiny pets."

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.09382893890142441,0.1032666563987732,0.10024398565292358,0.09492368251085281,0.10203162580728531,0.0977369174361229,0.10078718513250351,0.1014184057712555,0.10398764163255692,0.10177495330572128
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
"I was surprised how small this ""Barbie Build 'n Style Pet Shop"" place set was when I opened the box.  I suppose, having grown used to fairly elaborate themed Lego sets, I thought this would be a little more substantial.  My daughter and I both were a little disappointed.  There's really nothing ""mega"" about these Mega Bloks.  They are small and somewhat difficult for my daughter to manipulate.  There's just not a lot here and, as a result, not a lot you can do with your creativity to make this any more interesting.On the plus side, the theme is absolutely perfect for little girls.  In addition to Barbie, there are a bunch of cute critters that my daughter loved.  She will likely lose all of these little figures within a few weeks, but for now she has a blast playing with the tiny pets in the ""pet shop.""  That said, she usually just takes the figures and Barbie and uses her doll house rather than waste time and energy building an actual set with the Mega Bloks.  Even at age four, she knows what's good and what's not worth her attention."
Like any parent, I'm always glad to find something to pull the kids away from smart phones and computers for a while. My daughters have always loved Legos and Mega Bloks, as well as Barbie. And pets too, of course. So here you have it all. My 10 year old had fun setting this up and playing with it for several hours when it was new, and still incorporates it into her doll games, tossing in some Polly Pockets and other small dolls. I love seeing her using her imagination and there's enough here to spark it. All in all a good set.
The pieces are very tiny.  I don't know how my daughter is able to put these pieces together.  But, my daughter loves anything to do with Barbie, so this was a treat to her.  Not the most sturdiest thing, but it keeps my daughter busy.  Not sure about the longevity of this toy, my daughter was done playing with it fo an hour or so when she first got it.  It's been a couple weeks since she got this and she doesn't seem to go back to playing with this.  I think this has a wow factor when your kid first get it, but no longevity to it.
Ok, I work with four year olds all day long, and I don't know many four year olds who could use this set. The parts are tiny! There are many pieces in this set that are smaller that the size of my pinky fingernail. It's ridiculously small for a four year old to use. Maybe 8-10 year olds would be better suited to this toy. As soon as you open the packaging, you are losing this crazy small pieces. Think Polly Pocket size dolls, cut in pieces, that's the size. I guess the toy would be good for older girls, but most older girls aren't into Barbies in my experience. The colors are bright and very enticing to girls with the pink and white accents, but that's about all this set has going for it. I hate to give a bad review, but seriously, these are way to tiny for any child to play with. What a letdown.
My kids love playing with Legos, and will drag me in to help assemble their objects, usually novel little vehicles tied to some animated TV show. As for this Mega Block pet shop, I can't say that even my 5 year old daughter has any interest. I can't speak directly for my kids, but for me, there is just a lack of edge, or even just some idea of creativity. Just about exactly what you'd think would be in a Barbie pet shop, all in mauve and pink. This might be endemic to Barbie properties, I was reading in theArt of Amanda Connerwhat a straitjacket working with Barbie can be for any artist wanting to be different.So, I can't recommend this for anyone wanting their children to think or find creative inspiration.
This building set is obviously designed for little girls. It seems there are dozens of building set options for boys, but not so many for girls. My girls have always enjoyed Legos and other building sets, but it's hard to find ones that are girly. A pink pet shop is perfect! The pieces are tiny, but that's not really a problem for older girls. However, there are many accessory pieces and not all that many actual building pieces that the building options are more limited than I would have liked to see. It is also not the quality of Legos, but I guess it's less expensive, too, so maybe that evens out.
My daughter is jealous of all the boy-centric building block Lego sets that her brothers plays with so she loved this Barbie mega blocks set.We liked putting the set together. There were a lot of parts that she was able do herself. And once the set was put together she had a lot of fun role playing with Barbie and the pet store.From a parent's POV this is fun to put together but with many tiny pieces that aren't blocks (dog bones, water dishes, flowers, etc.) this was kind of a challenge to keep track of all the pieces which were scattered everywhere.
"The idea and concept of this toy is much greater than the actual product. There are way too many small parts for young children, and too many parts that are difficult to put together. In other words, it is a building block toy with blocks that do not ""build"" very well. My granddaughter (who is 8) just got frustrated and gave up after awhile, I can imagine the disaster it would be for younger children to try to use on their own. ""Mega"" blocks should read ""tiny"" blocks, and the company should go back to the drawing board with this toy."
"My 5 year old niece loves Barbies, animals, and legos, so I was sure this would be a hit. Unfortunately, the directions are hard for a young child. I helped (did most of the work) building it the first time. But I don't think she could put it back together the ""right"" way again. The lego pieces are TINY, which she doesn't mind. But she'd rather play with it after it's already built the correct way or help me do it. Which kind of defeats the purpose of having a lego set instead of a pre-built Barbie set. I wish there were more actual LEGO pieces. Instead, there are a bunch of teeny-tiny accessories for various staging areas, such as flowers, hair dryers, and bones. This was a cute idea, but not much building can be done with the few pieces. But at least a lot of playing will be done with the little Barbie and her tiny pets."
This product was given to my daughters BFF for her birthday.  They both played with this toy the longest of any others she opened that day!  They are both 7, and her 10 year old sister even joined in.  I loved that there were so many different configurations they could make themselves- great toy for building and imagination, this one is definitely  a winner!
