Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
My daughter grew up playing with My Little Pony and getting one for my granddaughter felt wonderfully familiar.  However, this toy may look familiar but it not like the toys my daughter loved.  This one walks and talks and its head even bobbles a little.And yet somehow none of this adds to the toy in the least.  Unless adding an annoying factor to the toy is a goal.  If anything, the phrases the pony says and the giggling detract from the overall imaginative play experience that a child could have.  Rather than make the toy say something, my granddaughter just had to push a button and let it go.  And go it did, in shuffling circles.  I admit, it made me giggle a few times but she quickly returned to playing with the stuffed lamb that didn't make any sounds and her stuffed panda that is likewise silent.Less is definitely more and in a world where children can see how their toy should behave in a cartoon rather than creating a personality to go with it, this toy is nothing but cute.  Good for a few giggles but quickly cast aside and forgotten.  My son, in fact, told me that my granddaughter has picked up a few times, played with it for a few minutes, and then moves on to something more interesting.  This toy simply cannot amuse or interest her longer than a few moments, at best.  And if that's it's best, it's really not a very good toy.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.05086780712008476,0.05776284635066986,0.054692741483449936,0.055844586342573166,0.05649131163954735,0.050234317779541016,0.05390901491045952,0.058667197823524475,0.05906522646546364,0.05525056645274162,0.05534880608320236,0.05789995566010475,0.053345926105976105,0.0566185899078846,0.06054694578051567,0.054196085780858994,0.05204363539814949,0.0572143979370594
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
Walking Talking Pinkie Pie is adorable! She is perfectly pink with big blue eyes, a bubbly disposition, thick curly locks for the styling enthusiast and she has a cute removable headband to boot, what more could you ask for? Oh, there's more she walks and talks!  Pinkie seems to be durable and well made. Her head almost has a bobble quality to it with the ability to turn right and left but not fully rotate. Voice and motions are activated by pushing the balloons on the upper thigh. Batteries were included.Pinkie does have some shortcomings, she will not move on carpet, there is no volume control and her headband is deceiving...it looks as thought it should light up and it does not. What a pity. Another bummer was that the pony did not come with a brush. I will also concede that my daughter is 4 and not a die-hard My Little Pony fan, so it did not hold her attention for long. With that said, I still would highly recommend this product for a young three year old as long as they were huge My Little Pony fans as I think it would be more up their alley.
"My daughter is not easily amused by a toy.  Perhaps to my discredit she has an abundance of them, ranging from inanimate to complex.  In most cases, once she figures out what a toy can and can't do she moves on.  Not so with her Talking and Walking and Talking Pinkie Pie!The combination of sight and sound has resonated with her as I imagine it will with many children and more than a few bronies.  The toy is brightly colored and ""roundly"" shaped hard plastic.  Hasbro did a good job sculpting it to look like I would expect Pinkie Pie to look if there really was a Pinkie Pie.  More to the point, the voice is dead on!  Either they got Andrea Libman (she voiced the character in the series) to record the phrases or took them directly from the show.  However it was done, if you like the show you will relate to this toy.In addition to talking the thing also walks along with some of the phrases.  It doesn't go far, only a foot or two.  The head is designed to ""bobble"" and it is entertaining to watch.  It's also funny to place it on a carpet, the legs wiggle back and forth without it going anywhere.The biggest downside is that the voice is... loud.  I guess that would be in character for the character and it can be a bit annoying at times if you're a grownup.The other potential issue is that between the moving legs and bobbing head the toy *appears* flimsy. However, it has already survived numerous falls to hard floors and an occasional toss against a wall.  (What can I say; I've got limits like almost everyone.)Please note, the following is *NOT* part of this review because reviews are not supposed to speak of such things... The price of this fairly new product is perhaps a bit high compared to the MSRP.  There, I've said it.  Please don't hate me.  Anyway, to see my daughter laugh and play for as long as she has makes it easily worth the price (and occasional headache)."
"I always wanted a My Little Pony as child child but never got one :( I'm glad my daughter can play with this one. She absolutely loves this toy, so for me it's a good toy because it keeps her entertained. She loves when it ""walks"" (rolls) and how the head turns easily. The button is easy for her push, and she does so often! It made of is sturdy plastic, not cheap and thin material. We've had it for a few weeks and it is used moderately most days, yet the demo batteries are still going strong. Therefore I'm not sure how easy battery replacement is but it can't be difficult.What really irritates me about this toy is the fact that has less than a handful of phrases. In addition, Pinkie Pie's ""walking"" only occurs every other phrase and lasts for only a few seconds. Smaller things that irk me are the annoying shrill voice and the fact that the hair got tangled and frizzy in about two days. It's not like I expected it to have perfect hair forever (especially after being constantly handled by a child), but it looks way older than it really is. However, none of the things that I don't like about it seem to bother my baby girl in the least. It's one of her favorite toys to play with for the time being."
"This is a very cute toy. My niece loves playing with it. The walking feature works best on a flat surface, which can be a drawback if your kid plays on carpet.That being said, it is a well-sculpted version of Pinkie Pie and it's a good toy with a strong ""voice."""
My daughter is enjoying playing with this Pinkie Pie toy, but the best feature is Pinkie's thick hair.  With all that hair, I really wish this toy had come with some hair accessories or, at the very least, a comb.  In order for our daughter to truly enjoy this toy (and to keep playing with it for more than 5 minutes), we've had to supplement with a comb and some barrettes and hair bands.The talking/walking features are nice but not really necessary.  Pinkie Pie only says a handful of different phrases, and the walking isn't very exciting either (Pinkie take a few short steps), though I appreciate that the batteries are included.
At first glance this toy was cute, I thought what little girl wouldn't love this? Unfortunately both of my young girls gave it just a few short minutes of playtime before moving on forever. I have to say that if your child is a die-hard My Little Ponies fan, then she will probably love this. I just don't think it's the best toy though, either.For starters, it's loud! This little pony has only one volume level, and it's not the most quiet toy. She speaks frequently, even if you don't push her button for a couple minutes (she has a balloons button on one hip). I also found it strange that her head is very wobbly. I'm not sure if this is just OUR Pinkie Pie or if they're just made this way, but it makes her look kind of silly when she is being handled, that her head twists and flops all around in different directions.The walking feature is cute, and considering that this pony does have an off-switch, it's not a complete miss in my book. My 4 year old and 2 year old wanted little to do with it after a short amount of time. But with that said, again, if you have a My Little Pony fan at home, or you're looking for a birthday gift for such a little girl, then this might be a good choice.Just know that she is a loud, albeit enthusiastic, little pony!
She's smaller than I expected from the picture. Her mane and tail can be combed/brushed. She walks well on flat surfaces but not on carpet. Her head bobbles as she walks. She's simple and easy to use. All you have to do is press the button on her back leg.5 STARS: My daughter really likes her. I'd recommend it for any fans of My Little Pony and Pinky Pie in specific.
Walking Talking Pinkie Pie is really cute! She is a nice size and comes with a cool headband. My niece is almost five and loves My Little Pony. She was SO excited to get this and plays with it all the time. True, it could use some more phrases to say and it doesn't walk on carpet very well...or really not at all, but neither of those things really matter to my niece. She takes Pinkie everywhere and loves playing with Pinkie and putting her with her other ponies. I will say Pinkie is a little loud, especially in the car, and a little pricey for what it is, but she really has been very popular and well loved around here with the My Little Pony crowd.
"It appears that the clever people at Hasbro have managed to keep My Little Pony mystique alive for several decades, appealing to adults and to younger children.  A powered Pony that moves and speaks phrases seems like a natural fit with My Little Pony and with smaller children.  However, the limited features of this Pony limit the ability to do much with the Pony once the initial charm turns into an annoyance.Considering that this Pony is not very large, it is limited to movement on flat surfaces.  Forget about trying to get this Pony to move on anything other than vinyl, wood, or tile, and some tile is likely to represent a challenge.  The movement seems to be somewhat circular, so the target audience gets to watch the Pony turn circles on a smooth, flat floor.This Pony does speak a few phrases, sings, and dances something called the Pinkie Dance.  I would try to give you a list of phrases, but they seem to pop out randomly rather than in a specific order, and I did not write them down.  The ""dance"" involves moving her legs back and forth rather than ""walking.This Pony is cute!  It is a pretty pink and seems to be well constructed.  The head bobbles, which made me worry that I had unpackaged it incorrectly and broke something, but after watching Pinkie Pie walk, it appears that the bobbling is an inexpensive way of adding motion to the Pony.Indeed, this toy has many positive attributes, and it would be very easy to give this toy five stars.  However, with all the fun, this Pony has some drawbacks.  First, considering the price and the proclamation of movement, this Pony actually ""does"" very little.  This Pony is essentially a larger, pink, plastic Pony that can move in circles on a flat floor.  Second, this Pony has no volume control, and the phrases, which are initially cute, soon become obnoxious, especially if your child is easily amused and keeps playing with the Pony for hours.  Soon you long for bedtime so you can turn the Pony off.  Third, this Pony is relatively expensive considering what it does, in my personal opinion.This Pony seems to have a mixed life in the hands of various children.  Some children seem to love the Pony and treat it as they would a doll, talking to it and having parties.  Other children seem to become quickly bored with the Pony and move on to more stimulating toys, like Legos or Lincoln Logs.  I think the quality of this Pony is high, but I wonder just how long this Pony will be the toy of choice before being replaced by some more stimulating, like a blank wall and crayons or an empty box.Enjoy or good luck, depending on your child!"
Our daughter loves my little pony.  She was excited to play with toy.  She played quite a bit for about a week and now it has been collecting dust, which is common with kids.The toy itself has multiple phrases depending on the button you push and it walks around on the floor.  My biggest complaint it is too loud.I cannot comment on the durability but it should be able to handle normal play. If your child tends to throw their toys around, it may not hold up very long.  The legs and head would be the issueThere is no real educational value with the toy.
"My daughter is older, but LOVES anything My Little Pony. My niece is younger and also loves anything MLP. We all spent the weekend together, and I thought this toy would be fantastic....and it was....at first. Unfortunately, they quickly got bored of it. The toy is cute and appears well built. It fell over quite a bit during play time, so it can take a licking. I think if a child is playing with it alone, it probably has better staying power, though my daughter hasn't played with it since. It also will not walk on a carpet, but does fine on our wood floors. Unfortunately, it also doesn't walk very far, a bit of a bummer for my daughter, who said, ""That's as far as it goes?"" The voice sounds like what I heard on the cartoon, and it looks as it should. My daughter was able to brush her hair (sometimes you can't on some toys), and she really likes that. The size is pretty nice, but it is a little pricey for what it does. This seems like one of those toys that after a little while goes on sale for half price, and then become a better value."
My little one My little pony. This is great for small hands. This is not real big. This will fit real nice on the shelf when its not being used. She loves to try to braid the hair and style it. (she's 5) She is trying to sing the song and loves to dance to the music. Phrases are not many but thats ok because she talks to it herself. Great for the little Pinkie lover in your life. Excellent product.
"The Walkin' Talkin' Pinkie Pie is a cotton candy bundle of sweetness.  She is sure to please any little girl or even older collectors.  She is durable, very, very pink, and as my daughter exclaimed, ""Mommy, she really walks!""  And yes, on a flat surface, Pinkie Pie really does walk. :-)She says a number of sweet phrases.  Now, for the tired parent, please note:  her voice is very loud and there is no volume control.  And her sweet phrases soon become cloying when you hear them fifty times in a row.  However, she's true to character and my daughter finds her adorable.As for the walking, she walks for just a few seconds when you push her button.  My wish list would include either a remote control or an actual button/switch that you could turn on to make her walk  indefinitely.  She comes with a cute antenna/headband.  My daughter was a bit disappointed that the antenna doesn't light up.  It certainly looks as though it should.  She still remains unconvinced that it doesn't and is certain that we are just missing a hidden switch or button.In spite of the loud voice and the short walking time, I do have to give this one a five star rating.  The quality is impeccable, it's true to character, and when you don't have a headache, it's really cute.  If you do have a headache, just have your child play with it in another room.  Or maybe next door.  Because it really is very, very loud. :-)"
"My daughter really likes this. It is just the right size for her to carry if that is all she wants to do. It has wheels on it's feet, so to get it to""Walk"" it is best on non carpet flooring. It has ""Demo"", ""On"", and ""Off"" settings. Although my daughter seemed to like it in the beginning, I think she did loose some interest since it didn't work to well on carpet, so it didn't work to well in the living room or her room, which is where she usually plays with her toys. She also likes the fact that her pony talks as well. It mention having a party, and my daughter wanted to have a party with it."
My daughter grew up playing with My Little Pony and getting one for my granddaughter felt wonderfully familiar.  However, this toy may look familiar but it not like the toys my daughter loved.  This one walks and talks and its head even bobbles a little.And yet somehow none of this adds to the toy in the least.  Unless adding an annoying factor to the toy is a goal.  If anything, the phrases the pony says and the giggling detract from the overall imaginative play experience that a child could have.  Rather than make the toy say something, my granddaughter just had to push a button and let it go.  And go it did, in shuffling circles.  I admit, it made me giggle a few times but she quickly returned to playing with the stuffed lamb that didn't make any sounds and her stuffed panda that is likewise silent.Less is definitely more and in a world where children can see how their toy should behave in a cartoon rather than creating a personality to go with it, this toy is nothing but cute.  Good for a few giggles but quickly cast aside and forgotten.  My son, in fact, told me that my granddaughter has picked up a few times, played with it for a few minutes, and then moves on to something more interesting.  This toy simply cannot amuse or interest her longer than a few moments, at best.  And if that's it's best, it's really not a very good toy.
"I basically agree with the earlier reviewers: this pony is a little too loud and does seem to be on a ""sugar high,"" but our little girl loves it (makes her smile for sure).  It is bright, girly, and colorful - exactly what you'd want from a little walking pony. It also seems sturdy so far - it'll probably withstand the Nerf darts our boys shoot at it!  This little pony is a great addition to our girl's toy box. (PS: put it aside at night, because if you accidentally knock it over in the dark and make it talk, it'll wake up the whole house.  And one adult kick might be the end of it!)"
"Well, as I suspected, my daughter thinks that Pinkie Pie is the greatest thing. While Pinkie Pie isn't her favorite pony (that honor is reserved for Rainbow Dash) she still loves this toy. The hair is good for styling and combing and she loves to watch Pinkie Pie walk around and bobble her head. The walking works best on hard floors. If your carpet pile is too high, she won't walk much.  The bobble head is cute and silly and there are enough phrases that she does say quite a few things (one reviewer that commented that Pinkie Pie only says three things - that's true if she's in ""demo"" mode).The downsides? This toy is LOUD. She needs to be quieter by default or have a volume switch. Also, the headband doesn't stay on, which frustrates my daughter a lot.  (And me, because I'm always having to put it back on her.)All in all, a good addition for a My Little Pony fan, but it could use a couple of minor tweaks."
My granddaughter loves My Little Pony toys, so this particular model seemed like a no-brainer.  It's well made and very sturdy. The phrases it says are cute and easy to understand.  However, it only walks a few steps so she is disappointed in that.  The toy may appeal to younger children.  My granddaughter is getting ready to turn 8. She enjoyed the novelty of the toy at first, but she seems to reach for it less and less. She still plays with her other My Little Pony toys just as much as ever.  I'll give it 4 stars because of the quality of the toy, but we wish it walked more than a few steps.
