Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
I ordered this play house with the intention of giving it to my 3 1/2-year-old granddaughter. Because she lives in an apartment with limited space, however, her Mom and Dad were not able to accommodate it. My granddaughter already has a pretty large doll house and lots of other toys, so space is at a premium in her apartment.A few things the potential buyer should know... As noted in the item description, the pirate play house is sturdy, and well constructed.  But because it's made of wood, it's also extremely heavy. The carton the play house came in weighed close to 50 pounds. It gets an A+ for durability, but only a C for convenience, since moving the playhouse from indoors to outdoors or even from room to room can become quite a chore.The play house is also listed with a dual purpose as a book shelf. I suppose books can be put on the shelves, but then it becomes a nuisance to remove and replace them every time the child wants to use it as a play house. Also, if your child has more than a small collection of books, the capacity of the play house as book shelf will be inadequate.My advice is to check the dimensions and weight carefully before ordering. I wound up donating the pirate house to a local nursery school, which has plenty of room for it. The school officials liked the fact that the play house is well made, since it will be used by many kids over time.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.04270980879664421,0.04731396213173866,0.04667200520634651,0.04688594862818718,0.04137343168258667,0.04719832167029381,0.0439843013882637,0.0469093918800354,0.045819930732250214,0.04551121965050697,0.04264414310455322,0.04694546386599541,0.04527793452143669,0.04240312799811363,0.04627314954996109,0.043378181755542755,0.04547857865691185,0.044510919600725174,0.04668011516332626,0.04506169632077217,0.049849431961774826,0.04711896553635597
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
This is a great looking bookshelf/play house.  It's pretty nicely sized, perfect for little ones up to six-ish.  It's heavy (close to 50 lbs), so it's not going to be moved around much and should be anchored to the wall (we live in California where earthquakes happen so we bolt everything that can fall over on the kiddos and is heavy).  Both my boys are thrilled to have a boy themed playhouse next to our dollhouse (which is also great, but very pink and purple and girly).I needed some help to put it together, but mostly because I was distracted and have a super handy dad.  I probably could have done it myself if I had the time away from kiddos and some patience.  The wood is thinner than I expected, but solid, very sturdy, and the paint is glossy.  It's ECO friendly which is a big plus for me.  I really put effort into environmentally friendly toys for the kids, so I appreciate when companies take the extra costs and supplies that are better for us and the world.The pirates and bird that come with it are painted onto wood stands.  It's pretty old school, you can't move the arms or legs, but again, they're sturdy and solid (made it through the rough boy test of banging them around).  There's not any trapdoors, or contraptions to occupy them, they have to use their imaginations to play pirate games (mostly getting content from the Pirate ride at Disneyland) and Jake and the Neverland pirates on Disney Channel.  They have the pirates talk in pirate voices and apparently pirates say matey quite often.I won't be using this as a book shelf and I'm sure some of the furniture from the dollhouse will move into this as it's pretty empty on its own.Overall, I like it.  It's simple, high quality, and doesn't rely on any bells and whistles.  It's a decorative piece and the friend's kids that have come to visit are excited to check it out.  It's a nice addition to the playroom.
This is a nice bookcase overall. It is a good size. It is an interesting combination of bookcase or play house for the small pirate characters that come with it. It's cute that the pirate can perch on the front of the bookcase. The only thing is that if you definitely want a bookcase make sure your kids won't remove all the toys to play with the bookcase. Putting it together was a real pain. I thought it was physically hard to screw in the screws so I had to wait for my husband to put it together. Seems sturdy enough. Very nice graphics. I would recommend for a kid who likes pirates.
The materials are high quality and whole setup is very sturdy.  Very colorful and kids love it. I don't know if i would call this a wooden bookshelf, more like just a wooden house with figurines.  It's not really made to shelve books, but i guess you can.  I like it and all, but the instruction of putting this thign together could have been made with more clarity.  The instruction manual doesn' specify if the part is bottom or top and there is not way of knowing until you get to to next next or two.  So, try reviewing the manual ahead before screwing things in.  I had to re-screw thing a couple times.
"This Teamson Pirate boat bookcase and theater is a great toy that combines utility with play. Boys like to playact just like girls, but dollhouses don't do it for many of them. This Pirate Boat book case is a great option for boys to get their pirate on!  The bookcase is easy to put together. The manufacturer follows the IKEA model--no words, just diagrams. Each piece is lettered and by counting the screws it is easy to figure out which letter/number they belong to. All you need to supply is a Phillips screwdriver with a smaller head piece. My daughter-in-law and myself managed to put the case together within an hour with no missteps. This is pretty miraculous for us! When my son got home from work he could not believe he didn't have to redo our work!One drawback to the bookcase is that it is heavy. The Amazon description says it is 41 lbs. I wish I had thought to weigh it while it was in the box. I'm used to carrying 40 lb bags of dog food and 50 lb bags of cat litter and this felt heavier. In fact my son actually had opened the door to go outside when the UPS driver was delivering it. She begged laughingly for help saying it was ""really heavy.""  This does create a problem if you want to move the theater/bookcase from room to room. The case does come with a screw attachment to anchor it to the wall so it won't fall over on a young child that might be tempted to crawl into it or on it.The case comes with some wooden pirates and accessories that can be used for play. The back of the bookcase and the doors on the bookcase come with holes that fit the toys. They can ""hang out"" when not being played with. The cabinet can be used to store toys or used as a bookcase. Obviously if your child plays theater with it often it would not be terribly convenient (unless storage boxes are used) as a toy box or bookcase.My granddaughters and their friends as well as my grandson love this toy. I had purchased them a puppet theater for more money which unfortunately crashed and burned when one of them fell on it. No problem with this piece. Unless the child is really rough, this unit should provide hours and years worth of fun and/or storage.Everyone that comes over comments on it and how cute it is. I've even caught ""grown ups"" playing pirate. So it appears to appeal to the child in us all!"
The Disney show, &#34;Jake and the Neverland Pirates,&#34; is a favorite of my three-year-old grandson and I was very happy to be able to get this pirate ship for him. The ship arrived packaged flat and weighed about 30 pounds. The pieces were all labeled with a letter that helped facilitate assembly with the directions. My son-in-law and daughter put it together in about 20 minutes. Finding a space big enough to lay out all of the pieces was the biggest challenge to assembly. The only tool required was a screwdriver. The pieces fit together well and the end product seems very sturdy.There were six figurines and cannons that came with the ship. The ship has three levels and a board is used to divide the top and bottom floor, creating five rooms.There are a couple of flaws with this pirate ship. My biggest complaint is that the ship is much like an empty dollhouse. You would never give a child a dollhouse and not put any furniture in it. What fun is a big house (ship) if all the figures can do is stand in the middle of the room. There are no interactive parts. That being said, the figurines themselves are just blocks. There are no movable parts, the pirates can&#8217;t actually pretend to fire the cannons, or interact with the non-existent furniture. There isn&#8217;t even a wheel that the pirate captain can pretend to steer. The middle floor is not tall enough to allow any of the pirate figures to stand up. You can only line up the cannons on this level and I am not certain what the point of that is if you can&#8217;t get a pirate to stand next to them to pretend to fire them. There are nice pictures drawn on the laminate and the walls of the ship look pretty but that certainly doesn&#8217;t hold the interest of a three-year-old boy for very long. I can understand not wanting to have a lot of moving parts for a child that is less than one, but a three-year-old this day and age is used to much more sophisticated toys and this shell of a ship isn&#8217;t captivating to him. I even went out and bought some &#34;Jake and the Neverland Pirates&#34; figurines hoping to entice him to play with the ship and I think that has helped some but I really am going to need to purchase furniture and other items that will make this an interactive toy for him. My other grandson who is 8 months old, loves the ship. He likes to take the figures and bang them on the floor of the ship, but I am pretty sure that an 8 month old was not the target audience the makers of the ship had in mind.In summary, I think this is a well constructed product that is sturdy and will last for several years. It makes an adequate bookshelf if that is what you are looking for. The product needs to do more than look nice, however, in order to be of value as a toy and right now it is lacking in several areas: quality of figures, design of floor height to allow play on every level, and furniture and accessories for the ship.One last thing I will note, this is a big piece, approximately 3 ft in height and 4 ft in width with the door opens fully&#8212;you better have ample space.
The Teamson Kids Pirate Boat Wooden Bookshelf & Play House is unique. It has definitely been a hit with my nearly three year old son as well as my five year old daughter. The design screams fun and most certainly has  kid appeal. What child wouldn't be intrigued and want to spend all day pretending they have their own personal pirate crew that would be sailing the high seas, going on adventures, and finding buried treasure?The entire ship looks much like what a pirate ship should. Each of the shelves feature different parts of the ship from the treasure room, the cabin, a kitchen area, and even the Captains Quarters. On top of the shelf there's an area that you could store numerous thing that a child may have from toys to books. The doors on the playhouse can be opened and closed with a magnetic latch.Let's talk about assembly of this product. I was worried when I started taking out the pieces it would be flimsy, but upon putting it together, it is actually quite sturdy, and has good design. The holes are placed in such a way there is wiggle room to put in the screws as you go. I didn't have to disassemble anything because holes didn't line up. Once screw I had trouble with going in all the way. I stripped the head (not the threads) getting it in as far as I could, nearly all the way in.The parts seemed to be packed properly, nothing was broken or missing. The included instructions are clear enough and rely on pictures. The pictures show sufficient detail and I had few problems finding the right pieces. I never had to remove a piece because it was the wrong one.In addition to the the Teamson Kids Pirate Boat Wooden Play House, figurines are included. The figurines feature a jolly looking pirate crew of 7 as well as two animals which are a monkey and parrot. There are also four wooden cannons which can be placed on deck and can poke through the ships designed cannon area when the playhouse doors are closed.The wooden figurines stand up all their own and can fit into slots on the doors that are designed to look like ladders inside the ship or the figurines can be placed to climb the mast on the outside when the doors of the playhouse are closed. Actually I didn't even realize this at first and the kids pointed it out.All the included pieces seem safe and the play house as a whole as well. The design of everything is very sturdy and I really like it's made out of Eco-Friendly Wood. Everything appears to be of the top most quality and will last for years. I highly recommend it for any child or children that is into pirates!
This sturdy, brightly painted, well planned pirate ship brings out the imaginations of little ones.  Once constructed(some work for parents in assembly) you have a ship accompanied by pirate figurines that make it fun to be little scavengers. I purchased Halloween pirate costumes so that the boys can be dressed for their fun time as well.  It is heavy duty WOOD  so would fit best in a playroom where as the kids grow the fun does too.  This toy would be a hand me down item or turned into a bookshelf as your pirates grow into wanting to discover even more about the scoundrels.Wonderful gift to alight imagination and guile.
UPDATE: After it sat in the corner of the playroom, mostly unused, I went to move it and discovered that most of the screws holding the top part on have come away, leaving the top part of the picture loose.  That takes a lot away from the durability of this.This took about two hours to put together and there were a lot of swear words involved.  I can't repeat those here.  Initially it was a one-man job until I needed a wall held up while I screwed in from the other side.  I also set it up on a coffee table that has a lip around the edge of it so I knew I was dealing with square and I was able to use the corner as a brake of sorts.  Screwing together fiberboard to fiberboard leaves a lot of room for interpretation and it is really easy to get out of straight.It's really critical that the pieces of fiberboard line up with the holes in the wood blocks that kind of go around the outside of this.  It was a great idea to incorporate some wood pieces to give the house a little more stability but it is especially risky to screw in screws from fiberboard into wood.  The wood resists being screwed into and the fiberboard gives way.The same side that was drilled incorrectly also did not line up correctly in the picture.  The sail is off, as is the boat.The fiberboard itself is not that big of a problem but books should not go in this.B000JKNTIGis made from sturdier fiberboard and aMelissa & Doug Deluxe Puppet Theaterout of similar material, but it gets used differently.The pirate toys are also cute but mostly they are one-dimensional boys with a stand up prop behind them and four cannons.And, no girls?  Girls can be pirates, too.It was certainly fun the first few hours it was put together but there's a big box with a tablecloth over it that they give equal attention to.  The big box can be thrown out when it gets compromised.
It's strange: this SEEMS durable, and yet it isn't. It's a nice-looking, heavy, large piece that takes some time to put together (there are LOTS of pieces, but they're all labeled, so it's just time consuming instead of really difficult)... this sat on the playroom floor for quite a while because all the pieces looked pretty daunting.The particle board feels heavy and solid, but the screws were difficult to get in properly, leading to potential hazards. My daughter is 6 and is delicate with her stuff, so I'm not very worried about her, but I'd be worried about kids who are rougher and/or younger... it would be easy to rip a door off and get hurt.There are probably better ways to shore this up if you want to put the effort into it, if your child really loves pirates.
This is a cute play house.  My kid moved stuff from his firehouse set to complement the pirate stuff, which makes for some interesting story lines.  Assembly took longer than I'd thought it would, however, like others commented, I did it in the room where it will 'live' to avoid moving it around.  Instructions were all right.  Kid likes it; and can use for storage for some smaller toys.
I got this item to use more as a pirate playhouse than a bookshelf.  It took a couple hours to put together and many of the holes were drilled too big or too deep or did not line up.  We could work around this, but it was just annoying to have to deal with.  So far it looks nice in my sons room and acts as a pirate dollhouse, it doesn't seem super sturdy, so I'm not sure how much rough housing this will be able to withstand since my son isn't real gentle with toys.
In a recent review, I complained about the lack of sturdiness of modern toys.  However, this play house is sturdy and seems as though it would provide many years of play to several generations of children.  The play house is also pretty, and large enough that you could stuff a lot of things into it.The only complaint I have about this play house is the lack of pirate-related stuff to go into it.  You do get some blocky figures and cannons, but no pirate treasure, no steering wheel, no little pirate swords, or anything similar.  I suppose that if you were trying to give this play house to a small child, the lack of small parts could be an advantage.  However, if I were a small child, I would be asking mom and dad for stuff to go into my pirate play house.If you are looking for a play house for a small boy or girl, this play house is a winner from the perspective that it seems like it would take a lot of abuse.  On the flip side, it includes very few features, so you end up populating the play house with other toys you have.  This play house begs for some sort of add on feature or set(s) that allow a child to expand play possibilities.Enjoy!
Caution: Do not open this with the little ones around. There are a lot of pieces and takes concentration to get it all together perfectly but it is a beautiful piece when put together.I recommend reading the instruction book all the way through before starting to put it together and men you do need to read the instructions!!! Also be sure to put it together close to where you want it to end up because it is heavy.My almost 6 year old grandson absolutely loved it. The characters are wonderful and the hear him talking like a pirate and making up stories was a pure joy to watch. He now wants books about pirates to put on the shelves because according to him only pirate books and pirate things can go on the pirate ship. This is going to be very enjoyed by all the children in this house as the grandkids get older.
Avast, mateys!I often think o' meself as bein' far more handy than I actually am. I fantasize about buildin' me sprogs a giant playset castle made o' wood. But that would take more time and skill than I have -- fortunately, this pirate ship be t' next best thin'. In short, it's a playset for t' littles and a cabinet as they get older. What could go possibly wrong?Takin' it out o' t' box gives you a sense o' what's in store: t' entire cabinet be decorated. There be several decks, each with little details that add t' t' fun o' role-play: six pounderballs, barracks for t' crew, a mess hall, and t' captain's quarters. Pretty elaborate stuff for a cabinet. There be several wooden figures who fit in creases along t' doors, and also some curious holes that I discovered later be for t' wooden six pounders t' stick out of.It took me forever t' put it together. This be in part due t' t' fact that thar's little stickers that be affixed t' t' beautiful detailin' fell off in transit, and also due t' me aforementioned lack o' skill. It took me nearly two hours t' put together, and that's includin' help from me six year old who helped me hold pieces o' pressboard together while I bit me tongue t' keep from swearin'.I was pretty proud o' that pirate ship when it was done. Until I realized I put t' two flankin' parts o' t' ship on aftwards, and had t' take it apart and put them aft on t' starboard way.Ahem. So THEN I was proud o' what I had accomplished. I demonsrated how t' door worked t' me buxom beauty; t' doors, you see, don't just shut closed but also lock with a mechanism that grips t' door. Turns out puttin' screws into pressboard isn't such a good idea, because t' grip tore t' mechanism starboard off t' door! I had t' find bigger screws t' re-affix it.Where was I? Oh aye, so now I had a brand new shiny pirate playhouse for t' sprogs. T' six pounders don't do anythin', because they be meant t' be placed within t' cabinet facin' outward -- this takes work t' line up t' six pounders with t' holes. There be holes in t' aft too (do t' six pounders point at t' aft o' t' ship/likely a wall? it's a mestery). Not too excited about t' six pounders.There be vertical creases t' hold our pirates, but thar aren't enough for everybody, so some figures just sit, sulkin', in t' bowels o' t' ship. me sprogs liked t' little pirate figures, particularly t' monkey and parrot.This pirate ship be a great idea with a mediocre execution.
"ASSEMBLY: It has a lot of pieces, but they are all clearly labeled, so if you take a few minutes to get organized and read and follow the directions it's not that complicated to figure out.  HOWEVER-it uses 3 different sizes of screws, so make sure you have all the different sized phillips head bits for your screwdriver or you won't be able to complete this project.DESIGN: The shelf/Boat itself is made of sturdy MDF that is then covered with the smooth graphics.  It has great pictures on it, but you have to be careful not to knick or scratch the shelf when you're putting it together/moving it otherwise the graphics will be noticeably damaged.The interior has 3 shelves-2 larger, one smaller.  The larger ones are big enough to put the pirates and any other furniture you may want to add, but the smaller shelf only fits the little wooden cannons and isn't good for much else.The Doors swing open nicely and it even comes with sturdy plastic clips to hold the doors shut when play is done.ACCESSORIES: It comes with 7 wooden pirates, a wooden monkey, a wooden parrot, and 4 wooden cannons.  These are all great accessories.  They stand up on their own, but also can be put in the slots on the front/back of the doors so they look like they are playing on the various parts of the ship.  My daughter was a little disappointed that none of them were ""girl pirates"" but that didn't really seem to matter once she got playing.She was a little disappointed there wasn't any pirate furniture, so she added some from another doll house for more fun play.OVERALL: This is a unique and cool shelf/toy.  It's very well built and sturdy.  It can hold a few baskets inside and then being able to close the doors keeps the room looking tidy and piratey! My daughter (4 years old) really enjoys it, but the accessories (furniture) were lacking."
"I finally got my husband to put together the gorgeous pirate ship toy for my kids.  It took him probably about 30+ minutes to drill it together, and it was pretty uneventful.  He compared it to putting together ikea furniture.  The instructions are nice and clear and it's very nice that the pieces are labeled A, B, C and so on for easy assembling.  It also can bolt to the wall.It looks great, and my kids were excited to play with it, but one of the doors has already broken from being opened and closed since it is made of particle board.  We just took that door off, so the pirate boat doesn't look to great right now, though it is definitely still useable as a toy.  The little canons and figures are nice and sturdy, though it would have been nice to have an even mixture of boy and girl pirates (there are only boys, though a couple of them are kind of not too gender specific which made my daughter happy enough).  I'm pretty sure it's eventually going to be used for book/puzzle storage, so I'm not sure how long the ""dollhouse"" attraction will last."
On the good side, this bookcase/dollhouse/playset looks attractive and artfully decorated and fun to play around with.Each level of the ship is decorated uniquely, and there's enough cannons and figurines to keep the set entertaining.Unfortunately, I regret to admit that it's also broken within the first few days of ownership and drawn blood on one of our children.The problem is that both the figurines and the bookcase itself have flat pieces that extend out that are:1. Very weak at the joints and prone to levering off which in turn...2.... exposes sharp screws that can tear into children's skin.In our case, our one year old (who is tiny) fell against one of the doors and pried it right off. Later, my six year old fell down near the bookcase and scraped her back up on the screws.The levering off/exposing screws also happened to one of the figurines within days of receiving the bookcase under normal play conditions.On the one hand it's a beautiful bookcase, but unfortunately it's poorly designed and unsafe. I simply can't recommend it.
Teamson produces a number of large child toy products like this cabinet.  We also have the dollhouse currently, so I can compare the two on some level.  We picked up the pirate boat wooden play house with the idea it could serve as a toy storage cabinet for the kids.As with the dollhouse, this was shipped exceedingly securely, so that none of the pieces were broken or scratched.  There were some slight wrinkles in the applied stick on decals, but nothing serious.  I won't kid you, this one took quite a bit of time and patience to construct.  There were a lot of different pieces to place in a step by step fashion, and while the instructions covered the steps, it simply wasn't as intuitive as the dollhouse set up.  To put this together, you'll need a good amount of time, space, and hopefully two people to work on it.  While it might feasibly be done by a single person, it's much easier to screw things into place with another person to brace the cabinet.The overall cabinet is about three feet high and looks very decorative on the front with the huge pirate ship and sales.  Great to capture the imagination of youngsters.  The play cabinet comes with a selection of wooden pirate characters that can be slotted into one of the holes along the door, placed on one of the side edges, or along the roof.  (Or they can be stood up inside or on the roof as well.  There are no moveable parts on these figures, so they are not like action figures, but colorfully drawn and they go with the style of the cabinet.  There are also several cannons that can be placed around the play space inside so that they peek out the portholes.My son and daughter both enjoy playing with this (although my daughter keeps trying to climb inside it).  The cabinet wisely comes with hardware to anchor the entire thing to a wall--this is useful when dealing with active kids and a smart safety measure.There are a few drawbacks.  Some of the wall decals are already beginning to peel off the pressboard.  I've easly glued them back in place, but it's only been a month, and I'm surprised to see the decorations failing already.  The other big complaint is that the slots for holding the figures are placed in such a way that the figures cannot be put in them if the doors are closed on the cabinet.  When the cabinet is closed, those slots are adjacent with the shelf edges, and so prevent any pirates hanging off the door unless the doors are open.The cabinet works for play and for storage (we tuck my son's trucks in there at night to have them stored away.  Visually the piece works wonderfully in the room and we quite enjoy the hit it's been with the kids.Happy playing! ^_^ shanshad
This is a sturdy bookcase-playacting/doll house.  It is heavy and won't break easily, so if you have active little ones who can be hard on their toys, this will likely hold up pretty well.  It takes some effort and persistence to put together, but isn't particularly difficult - it just needs time and patience.  It's a quality piece and great for boys and/or girls.  My young boys have just learned about pirates, so this is extra fun for them.  It comes with wooden figurines (Pirates) so that your little ones can use their imaginations while using it as a doll house.
Some assembly required - ha! total assembly required, just thankful the parts were labeled. It took a while to get together, due to the size and screw holes that either weren't quite lined up or not drilled, or drilled to big. We got it put together for our 4 year old grandson, who has had a pirate obsession for well over 2 years. It is supposed to be a &#34;book case/play house&#34;. I think it is either/or not both at the same time. You would have to clear out your books to play with it, which leaves a mess with the books. For now, it is a play house, when he outgrows it we will use it as a book case. He likes it fine, but doesn't understand why the pirates are flat. All of his other toys are 3D so this kind of freaks him out. He has moved his other pirate toys into it so all the pirates live together happily. Don't try to put this together with kids around, there are a lot of pieces!
I ordered this play house with the intention of giving it to my 3 1/2-year-old granddaughter. Because she lives in an apartment with limited space, however, her Mom and Dad were not able to accommodate it. My granddaughter already has a pretty large doll house and lots of other toys, so space is at a premium in her apartment.A few things the potential buyer should know... As noted in the item description, the pirate play house is sturdy, and well constructed.  But because it's made of wood, it's also extremely heavy. The carton the play house came in weighed close to 50 pounds. It gets an A+ for durability, but only a C for convenience, since moving the playhouse from indoors to outdoors or even from room to room can become quite a chore.The play house is also listed with a dual purpose as a book shelf. I suppose books can be put on the shelves, but then it becomes a nuisance to remove and replace them every time the child wants to use it as a play house. Also, if your child has more than a small collection of books, the capacity of the play house as book shelf will be inadequate.My advice is to check the dimensions and weight carefully before ordering. I wound up donating the pirate house to a local nursery school, which has plenty of room for it. The school officials liked the fact that the play house is well made, since it will be used by many kids over time.
My husband and I set about putting this together as soon as we got it-it took about 45 minutes.  Right off the bat we noticed that the manufacturer puts little stickers on the pieces -A,B,C,D and so on-well a few of our fell off, and we ended up having to look at a picture on line to make sure we got the parts in the correct order.  No big deal, just wish they had been marked a bit better.That being said, it's a nice size bookshelf/play piece.  It's sturdy and well made, with fun pictures.  My 9 and 5 year old boys play with it often, though not for very long, as does our 8 year old niece.  There are a number of little figures to play with, as well as cannons to make your experience more authentic I suppose.  We haven't used it to store any books, though I imagine you could get a decent amount of children's books in here, and there would still be some storage for the figurines that came along with the piece.The price seems to be on target for this type of piece, and though I like it and think it is well made and durable, my boys prefer building toys-Legos, blocks, etc.  As a play piece, this isn't really worth it for us.  I will be moving it into their room for a bookshelf here shortly, and though I imagine it will work just fine, I could have gotten a simple bookshelf for half the price.Update: As a side note, the design/artwork is wonderful and eye-catching. As we expected, this is much more of a play piece than a bookcase. Putting books in it takes away from its charm and the primary reason the kids like it.
