Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
"This is a nice play on the standard Jenga, but it has a few down sides.  The biggest is that the platform on the bomb does not make a solid base.  The tower is a little tippy from the start which gives stacking an additional difficulty.  Also the games are a little short due to the timer in the bomb.  But I like the way that it is a little jumpy in its countdown so you don't know when exactly the ""bomb"" is going to go off.I do like the way they worked out pauses between the players so time does not run out between player changes.  Quality is decent.  We had a misfire the first time we played and the game runs a little fast.  it almost seems to take longer to set the game up than to play a game.  But all it all, a fun, simple game for a wide range of ages.Pros+ Cute packaging, with a fuse on the dynamite shaped box+ It is a very interesting twist+ Very kid friendly.+ Kids loved it.Cons- the platform is tippy- the game is short, maybe a little too shortsummaryAll in all we have enjoyed this game.  We have gotten it out a few times and it plays well between adults and different aged kids."

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.08563962578773499,0.07784906029701233,0.07386316359043121,0.07335420697927475,0.07592260837554932,0.0767538920044899,0.07781275361776352,0.07400602847337723,0.07654210925102234,0.07663819193840027,0.07829424738883972,0.07674334198236465,0.07658077776432037
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
"This is a nice play on the standard Jenga, but it has a few down sides.  The biggest is that the platform on the bomb does not make a solid base.  The tower is a little tippy from the start which gives stacking an additional difficulty.  Also the games are a little short due to the timer in the bomb.  But I like the way that it is a little jumpy in its countdown so you don't know when exactly the ""bomb"" is going to go off.I do like the way they worked out pauses between the players so time does not run out between player changes.  Quality is decent.  We had a misfire the first time we played and the game runs a little fast.  it almost seems to take longer to set the game up than to play a game.  But all it all, a fun, simple game for a wide range of ages.Pros+ Cute packaging, with a fuse on the dynamite shaped box+ It is a very interesting twist+ Very kid friendly.+ Kids loved it.Cons- the platform is tippy- the game is short, maybe a little too shortsummaryAll in all we have enjoyed this game.  We have gotten it out a few times and it plays well between adults and different aged kids."
I am familiar with the regular game Jinga, so I wanted to give this new edition a try.The game has a base that pops up and then is timed while players remove blocks and put them on top of it. When the time is up, the base collapses downward spilling everything. The one whose turn it is when this happens, loses.There are much less blocks to this game. There were two things I did not like that earned the 4.1. The timer does not allow much game time. The games are too quick.2. The base was sometimes level and at other times not level, that affected the pieces.I still would recommend the game, but the regular edition is really the best. Try it first if you have never played Jinga at all.
My boys (4 and 6 years old) were in love with the game as soon as they saw the box.First thing I noticed about the game, no batteries!  The game is simple, stack the blocks, set the detonator, and take turns moving the blocks.  Its is simple at first then it gets super challenging and it teaches decision making.  I used the game to teach my boys consequences and problem solving.  We had a blast (literally) sitting around playing this game.  You can of course play without the detonator if you want, but it is more challenging and fast paced if you do use it.  Setting up the game, we didn't have any problems and the only suggestion I would make is maybe a bag to hold all the pieces or a sturdier box.  Our box was kinda flimsy so I just put all the pieces in a Ziploc bag.  Overall though this is a great family game or use it as an adult (drinking) game even!I received this game to review.
"This version of Jenga introduces a speed-element that tightens the game play. For Jenga lovers, this game adds another dimension that reinvigorates the game.You can also play without the ""explosive"" base, which might be good for younger players. For adults, the time-limit makes the game more of a challenge. This doesn't replace the normal Jenga, just as speed chess doesn't replace traditional chess. Speed chess is fun, and so is this game."
"What happens when a classic formula gets tweaked?  You end up with New Coke.  While JENGA BOOM in not intended to replace, but add variety to the original modern-classic family/party game Jenga ... it alters game play in a manner that takes away a core aspect of the game.Jenga (the original) is fun because of its simplicity ... a stacking game that requires some basic level strategizing that has the rare ability to appeal to kids and adults.  JENGA BOOM takes the same stacking game, but requires placing the block structure on a plastic ""stand"" that serves as both a timer and detonating device.  The purpose is to put pressure on players to move and stack blocks under pressure of destroying the structure if it isn't done in a timely manner.  A draw cord is pulled to load the timer; players simply press a start button before making their move and push the stop button when the move is complete.  Eventually, time runs out and the base punches upward, destroying the structure.  Simple enough.There are several issues that I found bothersome with JENGA BOOM:- The joy of the original Jenga is that the longer the game goes on, the more complicated and delicate the moves get ... challenging and fun.  JENGA BOOM eliminates this completely as the timer doesn't allow enough time for any elongated game play.  Sure, players can develop their own game rules and allow for timer start-overs, but why bother.- Jenga requires a solid/stable foundation to work ... the plastic detonating device in JENGA BOOM takes away from the stability.  The block structure slides around the base too easily from the start ... reducing the number of move choices.  The detonator itself is too light and has a tendency to slide as well.- Simply pushing the timer start and stop buttons can topple the structure.  The short ""fuse"" on the timer requires players to be quick when pushing the start and stop buttons ... too much time wasted on making sure the buttons are pushed gingerly enough to avoid knocking over the blocks.- The stacking guide that allows for quickly assembling the starting structure is made of cardboard ... once it's worn or torn; just starting the game becomes tedious.  The stacking guide needs to be sturdier ... preferably plastic.I found JENGA BOOM to be an unnecessary change-up from the original formula.  The good thing is that you can always ditch the detonator and simply play the game in classic form."
The whole exploding and timing didnt work as expected. It doesnt add to the skills needed for the game. It just acts as another check that can be skipped. Once stacked on the detonator, they seem to be on a slant which makes the game unstable to begin with and hence distracting.
"Basically this is Jenga played on platform that knocks your tower down just when the game is starting to get good. I love Jenga, but Jenga Boom is horrible.In Jenga, each player removes a block and places it on the top of the tower, making the tower progressively more unstable. The excitement and challenge builds as the tower gets taller and more unstable. Finally, the game ends when the loser knocks the tower over.In Jenga boom, you get a few turns to remove blocks and then when you think it might just start to get challenging, the base ""explodes"" knocking your tower over. There is no satisfaction, the loser and winner is arbitrarily determined.It feels much like when you play a good game of Jenga but there are young kids around and then just when the game is getting good, the kid comes by and knocks your tower over. Then you regain your composure, rebuild your tower, and start the game over. Then it happens again. Finally, you decide to quit playing Jenga until there are no kids around. Well that's what happened to us. We finally decided that the Boom base was so obnoxious to game play that we put it away and played a few games without the base.If you want Jenga, getThe Original Jenga. You will save money and get 54 blocks for a bigger more fun tower rather than the 36 in Jenga boom."
We really enjoyed playing Jenga Boom! It has all the qualities that you love about the original game Jenga, but then has something different added to it! When you play the game, each person is timed. When the first person takes their turn, and they are done, they press the stop button to stop the timer. The next player goes, and repeats the steps. When the timer runs out, all the blocks explode and that's the end of the game.I can see where it would be a lot more fun for younger kids that play, so the game isn't so long. Sometimes kids get bored easily, so that's the plus side of the game. The negative side is that it's a short game, so if you like taking your time to get the blocks out, the timer makes that harder.Overall I think it's a great game and I would enjoy playing it again on a family game night!
"The kids quickly opened up Jenga Boom to begin playing with it shortly after it was delivered. They were excited to jump into action. The game is easy to set up as is original Jenga. First you set the base where the ""boom"" happens and then with the help of the block sleeve you place the blocks onto the platform. After hitting the start button one has to quickly pull blocks and get them into position for play. This is where the disappointment happens; There is not enough time given before the boom happens to get more than two stories before the tower collapse. It takes more time to set up the game then it does to boom and collapse the tower. After a few rounds of trying to beat the clock the kids just opted to set aside the boom assembly and play original Jenga so it wasn't a  complete loss."
"If you are a fan of Jenga this adds another fun level of excitement. The ""exploding"" jenga platform is cleverly shaped like a dinamite charge and the drawstring that loads the timer is shaped like a fuse that has been lit. As the time winds down the fuse gets shorter and shorter until it jolts the base enough to topple the Jenga blocks.  My kids loved this version of Jenga especially because you never know exactly when the fuse is going to ""blow."""
As someone who has played the original Jenga for years, and the 'extreme' version more recently, I was  very curious when I learned about the new Jenga Boom.As soon as we got it, my 5 year old kid (who by the way loves classic Jenga and is the reason why I have played the game so much in recent years) got very excited about the exploding feature. A funny note here, the box has the following text right below the 'Jenga Boom' name: 'Actual product does not explode'So, how is it? The exploding feature adds an interesting twist and becomes a huge factor when playing, not only do you have to worry about removing the right piece, now the time it takes for you to do so becomes critical. How does it work? In the box you will find a base with a pointy surface (the toy detonator), there is a string you have to pull and this allows you to move a piece that makes the surface flat, this is where you have to stack the  blocks in, it is of course a shorter version of the original game with only 12 levels. The detonator has a button that has to be enabled at each player's turn, once enabled, time starts to count, as soon as you are done, you click the stop button and the turn goes to the next person. The string serves as a timer so either someone makes the tower fall of the timer will remove the flat surface so the tower falls as it will not stand on the pointy one below.The last person to remove a block successfully and place it on top before the tower falls wins the game!This game mode takes care of a problem that sometimes occurs when playing classic Jenga: the long games.  The timer not only takes care of that but also adds another level of stress to the game, the twist is quite welcome. This is a very important thing to note, games are shorter because of this, and while the string can be pulled mid game in case someone would like to extend the game a little bit, the idea is that at some point the base will explode and you will have to start over; this makes this version of the game ideal for larger groups and Jenga tournaments (or kids like mine who has been playing with it ever since we got it; he has gone to stay at his grandparents house a couple times since then and has taken the game with him so they can all play)If you are into this kind of games I can definitely recommend this version of the Jenga!
My family is a big fan of Jenga, and with three boys ten and under, we thought that this game would be a great combination of skill and explosions (not literally of course).The game arrives in a box that looks like a big bundle of TNT. Which is really cute, but since the box isn't as tight fitting as a traditional Jenga box - it makes storage a little more challenging. I do not think this box is going to hold up well, and with a move coming up - I'm pretty sure the package is going to get destroyed in shipping.But the game itself is pretty starting forward. It's a Jenga game on a timer. If the time goes off when it's your turn, the entire tower falls and you lose. Pretty straight forward.Our audience is three young boys ages 10, 8 and 6. The 10-year-old gets it pretty well, but the others - this is more annoying than regular Jenga. I think the timer is too short. The skill level needed goes down considerably since the point is to simply take off a piece, put it on top, and pass the turn to the next person before your turn expires. I am convinced the time it takes to put the tower back together is far longer than the time the short timer allows you to take pieces off.It caused more frustration than normal Jenga, and I'm not sure that I would recommend it to anyone else who plans on playing with their younger kids. It's just not as fun as regular Jenga, and it's totally possible that a kid's turn is over and they are the declared the loser before they get a chance to do anything. Adults can handle that better than 6-year-old kids.Now - If you want to get creative and use this as an adult game - like for example - loser takes a shot... Then it could get fun. This game is faster paced than regular Jenga so in a group of adults, it might be better received than a group of kids.But it's not a total loss for the kids. If you have little ones that like to build things just to watch them blow up - then this might be the perfect game!
I had never heard of this toy previous to getting one from Amazon to review, so it was all new to me and my family who had not heard of it either.  I took this toy to my grandchildren, ages 7 and 4.  I realize 4 is younger than it says on the box, but he insists on playing with everything his older brother plays with, which is pretty normal.  It didn't really excite either one of then a whole lot, maybe because they've had so many toys.  The 7-year-old was fascinated with the mechanism that makes the blocks fall down, and he had to take time to examine it carefully.  I was afraid the string was going to break because they both pulled it so much and so often, but it didn't.  They piled up the blocks together, and the blocks fell down with the first try.  They played with it for a little while, then the 7-year-old left and the 4-year-old played with it by himself piling the blocks up in a different way than the instructions said.  They didn't not like the toy.  They were fascinated with it, but how much they will play with it over time is a moot question.  Their mother said she liked how sturdy the toy is.  I would expect her to put it away and pull it out again for them to play with again when they are a little older.
