Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
I love the picture selection. It is very challenging with the fog and sky in similar shades and all trees, mountains and ground contributing to the difficulty.I am a puzzle maniac, having assembled jigsaw puzzles from 100 to 9000 pieces (a 13200 pieces is in the queue and I am really going to the 18,000 and 32,000 pieces in the future...). Some of them were 3D puzzles, like the Taj Mahal, US Capitol, Neuschwanstein Castle, Big Ben, etc. This particular puzzle is a very high quality product from Pastime Puzzles, the first one I assemble from this company. All the pieces have an excellent finishing and they stick together very well. I usually assemble this size of puzzles on Foam Boards. They are very light and conveniently cheap. The foam board being 3/16'' (5mm) gives your puzzle enough support. I usually cut the board (easily done with a cutter) after glueing the puzzle, leaving a border of 1'' at each side, so I can pin the board in my garage (that, at this point, is full of puzzles...). What help me a lot is that my wife and daughters also like the challenge, so we move fast. A 1,000 piece puzzle do not last a weekend, although the 8,000 piece one took us 2 months (most 2 to 3 hours at night work) to put together. It took us 10 days to put this one together. I highly recommend this puzzle for the excellent quality to everyone that enjoys challenges alone or with the whole family. It is a guaranteed entertainment for hours, listening to music or talking in family environment. Amazon.com was kind enough to provide this product for me through their Vine Program for reviewing and I was not request to provide a positive review. Opinions expressed here are my own.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.055472325533628464,0.05455847084522247,0.05589011684060097,0.055787403136491776,0.0561298206448555,0.054389674216508865,0.05659056454896927,0.055041976273059845,0.05567559972405434,0.054843273013830185,0.05697735771536827,0.05439402163028717,0.05563634634017944,0.05803076550364494,0.056854866445064545,0.05415315181016922,0.05320248007774353,0.0563717857003212
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
Love this puzzle.  The range of grays and small pieces makes it VERY challenging.  Love the oddly shaped peices that make it very different from most puzzles.Nothing not to love, unless you don't want a really challenging puzzle!
I am a puzzle nut.  I always have a puzzle in some stage of completion.  The first thing that caught my eye was the picture itself.  This is a Stephen Lyman design.The next thing I liked about this puzzle was it says no two pieces are alike which is a HUGE plus when you put puzzles together.  I have done some where a piece was so close that I thought it fit only to find out later on that it wasn't the right one.  There will not be that problem here.Another plus is the puzzle has what they makers call Whimsy pieces.  There are 100 in this one (no, I didn't count them but that is what the box says!) and they are in the shape of objects we know such as a bird, cat or heart.  What fun this makes doing the puzzle.Finally, the pieces are thick.  No overly so but enough that it is not paper thin and thus has some bulk to each piece.This will be another puzzle that gets framed when it is done.  I might even keep this one instead of giving it as a gift like I usually do.
The hubby and I enjoyed assembling this beautiful puzzle; this was our first Pasttime puzzle. Each piece was well cut and uniquely shaped; the pieces fit perfectly. Although the pieces were made of thin cardboard none became disfigured. The whimsical pieces made things extra challenging. We found ourselves drawn back to the puzzle again and again. I will purchase future puzzle from this line. Not all piece interlock.This puzzle would have scored a 5 star rating if the picture was more unique.
Disclaimer: I am reviewing a unit I received for free through the Vine program.This is another good puzzle from this company. This is our second one from them. My autistic teenage daughter does a lot of jigsaw puzzles, and she liked this one. 1000 pieces will probably take you a couple of days at least.
"I got this puzzle for my grandparents, who love putting them together in their free time.  We often buy ones with hidden pictures or with ""can you find"" or ""what has changed"" style extras for after finishing the puzzle.  This particular puzzle has 100 of what it calls ""whimsy pieces"" - odd shapes like animals, symbols, etc.  Although the puzzle itself was difficult (the art was very similar throughout the picture with limited colors) as most scenic puzzles are, those whimsy pieces really made it fun for my grandparents.  They often mentioned what they found and how neat it looked in the overall design.  I normally don't look for gimmick type things, but this was something memorable that made this puzzle stand out above a similar puzzle.  In the future I would prefer the mystery / question puzzle activities, but I would definitely get these with the unique puzzle shapes as well.  Overall, it was well worth the price paid."
"I've done a bunch of Ravensburger puzzles lately and really enjoyed them. This is my first Greennwich Workshop puzzle so I'm going to compare the two and see where it goes. The first thing I noticed was the ""whimsy"" pieces. These are pieces that resemble animals, shapes or letters of the alphabet. My initial reaction was that this was a gimmick and it is but it works. I'll get back to the whimsy pieces later. The Ravensburger pieces feel like they have a slightly higher quality to them and the semi mat finish to the color really helps by reducing the shine. After doing Cathedral Snow I really learned to appreciate how much more difficult light glare can make a puzzle. This is compounded by the fact that Cathedral Snow has a very muted color palette. I will say I never had any problems with any chipping or bending of the pieces so I'm not in any way saying the pieces are low quality. I just don't think they are to the level of a Ravensburger puzzle.When I do a Ravensburger I generally go through a few steps. First, I separate the pieces by color and pattern. I will continue to work to try and separate but if I'm really stuck I fall back on my last resort which is using piece shape. With Cathedral Snow and its huge amount of similar colors and patterns I had to quickly move to using piece shapes to figure out where a piece goes. This is where the ""whimsy"" pieces are a Godsend. In fact the variety of pieces really made this puzzle stand out. It proudly advertises 1000 UNIQUE pieces and in most cases these aren't just subtle differences.The piece variety is probably the only thing this puzzle has over a Ravensburger puzzle. The image is nice but the pervasive grayish color makes it a bit difficult and the pieces aren't quite up to the top standards. I enjoyed the puzzle and it didn't take me that long to complete but it's definitely not my favorite."
"This is a nice puzzle. The picture is pretty, and the pieces are solidly made (though they seem a bit lower quality than Ravensburger puzzles I have completed in the past). The fact that so many of the colors are similar throughout the picture on this puzzle made it challenging to finish.I think the one thing that stands out about this particular puzzle is the custom-shaped ""whimsy"" pieces that are included. These are pieces that have various recognizable shapes. Some of the shapes include a rabbit, a pair of glasses, a hexagon, the letter W, and a stocking. They're fun to look at, of course. They also have a practical benefit: that they make their neighboring pieces also have distinctive shapes, so that you can use shape as an a stronger cue when searching for a piece to insert into the puzzle. A big disadvantage of these pieces is that many of them have so many smooth edges that they don't lock into their neighbors at all. The problem with this is that if you have put together a small block of pieces there's a good chance that it won't stay together once you find where it fits into the larger puzzle and try to move it into position. Alternatively, bumping the table can cause these pieces to drift apart unless they're firmly embedded in the puzzle. The minor annoyances with these pieces force me to knock the review down to four stars for what is otherwise a very nice puzzle."
This is a great puzzle.  The colors are a little on the dark side.... and no we are not done putting it together after more than a week... the dark subtle shades are extremely challenging...especially in the mountain in the back ground.  After a week, I would guess that we are about 1/3 done....on a 1000 piece puzzle like one of the Kinkade pictures, we are normally 3/4 of the way complete.  The puzzle is well constructed and the cuts exact.  We have worked on puzzles that the pieces are cut in such a fashion that you can fit a piece in the wrong place... and yet it looks like it fits perfectly...you find out when you can't find pieces that match the picture to the opposing side.. want a challenge...not in hurry to complete the puzzle... try this one.
"This puzzle is a mixed bag.  The quality of the pieces is good and the ""whimsy"" shaped pieces are fun and interesting.  However, the whimsy pieces create the need for a number of odd shaped pieces that are hard to link together.  This makes for a slow puzzle experience for most people.  The picture itself is okay, but it is also a collection of a handful of like colors, making the puzzle more difficult.  This puzzle is okay, but there are better ones available."
My wife Christine is an absolute puzzle freak. She lives and breathes making 1000-piece puzzles and I'm always looking to surprise her with one that I think will test her puzzle-making will. Enter the Cathedral Snow puzzle--HA! I do believe this one caught her off-guard because she's never had to deal with one that has so many grayish pieces before and that does make a difference. Her mode for doing puzzles is to to the outer edges first and then work her way to the middle. While it did take her a couple of extra days to finish this one compared to the usual speed she does these in, the challenge was totally worth it to her and the end product of Stephen Lyman's design is absolutely sensational. If you get this puzzle, just know what you're getting yourself into and that it's not for the puzzle newbie.
This is my first Pastime Puzzles and I must say that I am impressed. I typically try to stick with Ravensburger puzzles as my philosophy with puzzles is that if I am going to be starting at a puzzle for hours upon hours I would prefer the colors to be beautiful and the connections between the pieces be crisp. Nothing is more infuriating than a cheaply made puzzles with pieces that leave paper cuts and pieces that barely come together. I really do appreciate the high quality image of the Cathedral Snow picture and I came to enjoy putting the whimsy pieces together.I would agree with the others that this 1000 piece puzzle is on the more difficult side of the 1000 piece puzzle selection. The grey colors all throughout the puzzle and the whimsy pieces create a very difficult challenge. The next puzzle I do will be a Ravensburger city selection in the 500 range, as that is about as therapeutic to me as a bottle of wine, but I can see myself returning to Pastime Puzzles when I am looking for a challenge in the winter.
As a puzzle person, the most important aspect to a puzzle is that it will hold up to basic use.  Most brands do not and you end up with peeling pieces that don't fit well together.  Thankfully, this one has nice, quality pieces that are easy to see if they fit; and that also don't peel.The picture is stunning and is actually quite enjoyable to do.  It's difficult in sections but still has zones so you don't get overwhelmed with the same thing. The funky pieces are really fun... the kids had fun doing this puzzle with me just for that aspect!  It does add a degree of difficulty to it, but it's also easier in some sections because of the unusual pieces.  I usually am not a fan of odd-shaped pieces but this was done really well and I really enjoyed it.So overall, I highly recommend it and if you are looking for something a little different with some fun pieces, by all means try it out!
I've been working jigsaw puzzles all my life. My grandfather had severe arthritis in his hands and worked puzzles constantly at the recommendation of doctors. After he finished he always gave me the puzzles to work. By the time I reached the age of 12, I probably had worked 500 or 600 puzzles that were 1,000 or more pieces large.So I love puzzles. I love them of all shapes, design, and size.I hated this puzzle. I hated it so much I couldn't bring myself to finish it, making it perhaps the first puzzle I disliked so much I couldn't finish it.The painting the puzzle was based on was fine, but what put me off was the huge number of incredibly quirky puzzle pieces. Everytime I saw a piece shaped like an animal or a man playing tennis or a bird or whatever, I felt something like grating in my soul.I do not recommend this puzzle. In fact, I recommend that people avoid it. There rea thousands of great puzzles out there. Do one of those instead.
I love the picture selection. It is very challenging with the fog and sky in similar shades and all trees, mountains and ground contributing to the difficulty.I am a puzzle maniac, having assembled jigsaw puzzles from 100 to 9000 pieces (a 13200 pieces is in the queue and I am really going to the 18,000 and 32,000 pieces in the future...). Some of them were 3D puzzles, like the Taj Mahal, US Capitol, Neuschwanstein Castle, Big Ben, etc. This particular puzzle is a very high quality product from Pastime Puzzles, the first one I assemble from this company. All the pieces have an excellent finishing and they stick together very well. I usually assemble this size of puzzles on Foam Boards. They are very light and conveniently cheap. The foam board being 3/16'' (5mm) gives your puzzle enough support. I usually cut the board (easily done with a cutter) after glueing the puzzle, leaving a border of 1'' at each side, so I can pin the board in my garage (that, at this point, is full of puzzles...). What help me a lot is that my wife and daughters also like the challenge, so we move fast. A 1,000 piece puzzle do not last a weekend, although the 8,000 piece one took us 2 months (most 2 to 3 hours at night work) to put together. It took us 10 days to put this one together. I highly recommend this puzzle for the excellent quality to everyone that enjoys challenges alone or with the whole family. It is a guaranteed entertainment for hours, listening to music or talking in family environment. Amazon.com was kind enough to provide this product for me through their Vine Program for reviewing and I was not request to provide a positive review. Opinions expressed here are my own.
I usually get puzzles because fo the picture on the box and hope the quality of the puzzle is good. In this case I love the picture, the piece shapes are colors are pretty good but I found the thickness of the pieces to be less than I expected.I love the picture on the puzzle.  It reminds me of the Hudson River School art movement and the paintings associated with it. I researched the original painting and found it is an Autumn scene set in Yosemite Valley. I like the light snow, deer in the meadow and the mountains in the back ground.The puzzle a little hard to put together because of the colors.  There are varying shades of grey and other dark colors that make it difficult to sort the pieces. The 100 whimsy pieces included in the puzzle and the piece design add to the complexity but this is a good thing for me.I have done a number of puzzles and while I have used thinner puzzle pieces I have also used thicker ones as well.  These to me are on medium to thin side.  The pieces are sturdy and strong but I have a number of puzzles with thicker pieces. Ultimately though the puzzle looks great when put together and that is all that matters.This puzzle has a great picture, is a little hard to complete and has pieces that are thinner than some puzzles I have put together.  Ultimately, the end result looks great. As a result I gave it four stars.
We have tried this manufacturer's another 500-piece puzzle with whimsies and found that to be challenging to solve. As a family, we enjoy solving jigsaw puzzles and we welcome challenge. Typically we prefer colorful puzzles, and these are not really colorful, but we enjoy these due to their difficulty.Whimsies are puzzle pieces that are in shapes of animals, people, objects, etc. Pieces surrounding whimsies will also be odd shaped and that makes this puzzle hard to solve.These puzzles are not in par with Ravensburger products in quality, but still quite good.We recommend this product highly IF you solve jigsaw puzzles regularly. If you are new to the hobby, then puzzles like these may discourage you from continuing.
I'm a huge Puzzle Fan but I'm new to the Pastime Puzzles brand but I'm really loving them.Fun Shapes- I love the shapes of these puzzle pieces and they're a nice size too. Each piece is unique and there's a huge variety of shapes and sizes which makes the puzzles lots of fun. There's no guesswork in connecting the pieces. They either fit or they don't.Beautiful- I found this puzzle to be really beautiful. The artwork was nice. I prefer a bit more color and variety to my puzzles but this was still beautiful nonetheless.Ease- This puzzle was a bit more challenging than the other Pastime Puzzles that I've done since there's not much variety in the picture.  The unique pieces do help out a bit though and it makes it more fun as well.  This puzzle is pretty challenging though.  It takes some time.Although I prefer some more colors and activity going on in my puzzles, I still really enjoyed this puzzle and I would recommend it.
This puzzle presents a challenge to puzzle fans. First each piece is different; there are also 100 whimsies- pieces that have a shape such as a duck, a heart a bunny. Then the picture itself is of a relatively same tone - grays, white, dark green and a bit of tan.The pieces are cut well, with no raw or rough edges and the material itself is relatively sturdy. The whimsies themselves do not interlock like a regular puzzle piece would, so that also adds to the challenge of putting the puzzle together, plus adds a bit of fun too.The manufacturer says it is suitable for ages 8-15 years. I hardly think an 8 year old, even up to preteen would find this puzzle fun though, for most, their frustration level would certainly kick in. It is also surprising that the age range does not go up to adults, since they enjoy puzzles too.
