Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
The Ravensburger Electronics kit is definitely a great addition to your rainy day arsenal if you have kids that are inclined to do these activites.  We also have the Electronics Snap Circuits kit - which probably directly competes with this product.  We also have the German Capsela kits - which are by far the best for making electronic gadgets- but I don't know how available they are.  It does make me wonder that Capsela and Ravensburger companies are both German.  Hmmmmm.  What kind of toys are we making for our kids here in the U.S.??!  Anyway, what I LOVE about the Ravensburger kits - across the board - they have the BEST manuals - hands down, can't compare.  If LEGO has the worst manual - like an IKEA manual - Ravensburger are the illuminated manuscripts of kids learning toys.  They rock.Okay - back to a little comparison - the Electronics Snap Circuits is more durable - it is actual plastic that you snap the engineering onto.  The Ravensburger is cardboard based.  Both have interesting wires, switches, etc.  I think the Snap Circuits is a slightly better toy - but then the manual is SO good with the Ravensbuger, you can be a total electrical engineering hot mess and still make the projects work!The Snap Circuits cost around $45 - comparable to this kit.  It is also easier for a slightly younger age to work with; the Ravensburger you really need to be ten or older to have the dexterity of your fingers.  You also will need to add a 9 volt battery (or two or three) and let your kids use your proper wire strippers - the kit comes with a plastic tool that can strip wires - but why not teach your kids about proper tools.I think I prefer the Snap Circuitys - a really good model - like the 500 or so - over this kit.  But this kit is an excellent addition to your engineering and science repetoire - for both the home learner and the supplementing parent.You won't go wrong - but get the other kit first - and then get this kit.  And then your kid can apply to MIT with the best of the EEs!!  ;-)aOkay, one last note - if you can pick up an old Capsela 500 kit - it is VERY cool - you can make all kinds of water craft!  Not sure if the newer versions have this.  Ebay, yard sales, grandma's attic - keep your fingers crossed and keep looking for the late 80's kits.  They are very cool.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.06664220243692398,0.06294800341129303,0.0659167617559433,0.06598502397537231,0.0648442953824997,0.06623538583517075,0.07938283681869507,0.06855213642120361,0.067547507584095,0.0658222958445549,0.06422655284404755,0.06282183527946472,0.0676753968000412,0.06577910482883453,0.06562069058418274
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
It was fun for the whole family.  The kids liked being able to actually make things.  They made the continuity tester and used it to test water, salt water, sugar water, gold ring, etc.  So it was actually used in a scientific experiment and the kids wrote down data and made analysis.  We worked on the continuity tester as a family, taking turns putting the pieces together.  The second project, however, was done by the kids alone.They also made the plant watering monitor.  They have plans to construct everything else too!  The parts were reusable, but there was enough parts to make several without having to take anything apart to reuse parts.The book that came with was pretty easy to understand.  The only advice I can offer is that when you are putting the brass fastener and spring on the boards, make sure there's a little slack, so that you can push the fastener up to put the wires underneath.  Don't worry - the spring will bring the fastener tight.Most projects, like the continuity tester, burglar alarm, and reading light, have instant gratification.  The plant watering monitor does not, but teaches important concepts.
The one thing that is a bit of a frustration about this product is that it comes with the exact number of springs needed to put onto the brads. Which is fine until a ten year old starts putting springs on the brads and the springs go flying.SO FYI- you can take apart a few cheap pens and cut those springs in half and they work fine.Otherwise, this is a kit fu ll of great fun. It has some simple explanations and the projects range in difficulty from fairly easy to more complex. All of the projects though a ten year old can do with a range of none to just a little bit of help.You do have to take apart one project to make another project though. That was a bit of a bummer for said ten year old and his mother.Overall, I would say this is educational and lots of fun. I would buy it again as a gift for the kid that enjoys this kind of stuff.Enjoy.
My older daughter (9) was looking forward to trying this kit. She has anElenco Snap Circuits SC-300 Physics Kitand enjoys building different circuits. Unfortunately, this kit falls a bit short.She was initially excited to try the first project but became quickly disillusioned when I tried explaining the resistor color code. So I picked out the resistor and wires but she got lost trying to follow the directions. I completed the circuit, showed her how it was supposed to work, and talked a little about theory. She was not impressed. As a side note, I guess we won't be home schooling any time soon.Throughout this exercise she kept mentioning how much easier and more fun the Snap Circuits kit is. She then brought out the set and snapped together a circuit in seconds. My younger daughter (7) looked through the Snap Circuits manual and built her own project while I was taking apart the Science X project.I think this kit has good intentions and could be potentially worthwhile. They should replace the pins and springs with breadboard type connectors (either a breadboard or the old Radio Shack Archer kit type). Some old electronics kits used springs to hold wires and leads together. The snap buttons on the Snap Circuits work very well and are ideally suited for youngsters. These pins will likely deteriorate after assembling maybe 10-20 times.
I have mixed feelings about this circuitry kit. The electrical components are nicely packaged and easily distinguished. The instruction booklet is EXCELLENT, it really is a marvelous introduction to the flow of electricity and the concepts behind circuitry. The cardboard circuit boards show exactly where to put the components. However, the connection points are made by wrapping wire around stupid little brass brads. The wire constantly slips and it's frustrating in the extreme.That said, my 9 year old made a working flashlight and is delighted with himself. I wish I could wholeheartedly recommend this kit because the concept is great, and if you have a high threshold for frustration you can have fun with it. In the end I think it's worth the extra money to have materials that are easier to handle.
Although this kit has high ambitions, it is not properly targeted for the age group.  The instructions are not easy to follow and some of the parts are hard to manipulate.  The wire-cutting tool provided does not cut the wire properly.  Ironically this product may turn off the intended audience from both mechanics and science.
"As far as education and entertaining, this science/electronics kit gets 4 stars.  It's fun to build stuff, the instructions are very well done (and even in color), producing very well done experiments by kids, while learning and having fun.  Once we got a couple experiments working, it was more fun to keep going on it...science and learning can really be fun!  Which is why something like this will never be in a public school, but I digress...This kid, however, does have its share of shortcomings.  First of all...there aren't very many experiments.  Ten, I think was the magic number.  After that, you're pretty much done and you can throw this stuff away.  Hopefully the youngster has enough interest in the subject to keep going on their own by that time...Another thing that just plain sucked:  The circuit and done by putting components on a piece of thick cardstock with a brass tack put through a hole.  Everything has to touch the brass tacks....for nearly 30 bucks, a couple of small breadboards would have been MUCH better, and been able to be reused.  And maybe if the kit would really have taught reading schematics (even an appendix or something), it could have been a foundation to a bigger electronics kit.  (Given that electronic components in the kit cost pennies, I'm a bit shocked that Ravensburger didn't include breadboards.  They generally create very high-quality and well thought out products.)Overall, I'm between 3-4 stars.  Going with 3 because:  once the kit is done...you're really done.  Other than the obvious huge benefit of ""everything you've learned"" there's not much that you can physically re-use if you want to keep the interest alive.  (Yeah, resistors and capacitors, etc...but those things cost about a penny to buy separately.)  But with being 3 stars, I do have to admit:  this kit is put together very well, the difficulty level and progression is well done, and it is educational."
The Ravensburger Electronics kit is definitely a great addition to your rainy day arsenal if you have kids that are inclined to do these activites.  We also have the Electronics Snap Circuits kit - which probably directly competes with this product.  We also have the German Capsela kits - which are by far the best for making electronic gadgets- but I don't know how available they are.  It does make me wonder that Capsela and Ravensburger companies are both German.  Hmmmmm.  What kind of toys are we making for our kids here in the U.S.??!  Anyway, what I LOVE about the Ravensburger kits - across the board - they have the BEST manuals - hands down, can't compare.  If LEGO has the worst manual - like an IKEA manual - Ravensburger are the illuminated manuscripts of kids learning toys.  They rock.Okay - back to a little comparison - the Electronics Snap Circuits is more durable - it is actual plastic that you snap the engineering onto.  The Ravensburger is cardboard based.  Both have interesting wires, switches, etc.  I think the Snap Circuits is a slightly better toy - but then the manual is SO good with the Ravensbuger, you can be a total electrical engineering hot mess and still make the projects work!The Snap Circuits cost around $45 - comparable to this kit.  It is also easier for a slightly younger age to work with; the Ravensburger you really need to be ten or older to have the dexterity of your fingers.  You also will need to add a 9 volt battery (or two or three) and let your kids use your proper wire strippers - the kit comes with a plastic tool that can strip wires - but why not teach your kids about proper tools.I think I prefer the Snap Circuitys - a really good model - like the 500 or so - over this kit.  But this kit is an excellent addition to your engineering and science repetoire - for both the home learner and the supplementing parent.You won't go wrong - but get the other kit first - and then get this kit.  And then your kid can apply to MIT with the best of the EEs!!  ;-)aOkay, one last note - if you can pick up an old Capsela 500 kit - it is VERY cool - you can make all kinds of water craft!  Not sure if the newer versions have this.  Ebay, yard sales, grandma's attic - keep your fingers crossed and keep looking for the late 80's kits.  They are very cool.
"My son was SOOO excited to try this out.  My first impression on opening the box was... oh wow this is cheaply made.  Cardboard circuit boards??My husband decided to make the first project in the book with him.  Initially he was frustrated because he had to find household good to complete the projects (common things like salt, oil, sugar, 9v battery...).  Then he felt the directions were not very straight forward.  No WAY my nearly 10 year old could do this on his own.Once assembled the circuit tester they made worked for about 5 minutes before it quit, because of the flimsy parts I am pretty sure... we tested the light and it seemed to have broken.  Although my son had great fun testing it out while it did work.  Will we go out and get another light? Unlikely.We appreciated the manual explaining each project's purpose and why it's important to know.  We felt that the educational aspect was really super good in that respect and that is why it got as many stars as it did.But these project are not ""keep"" ones.  They will be going in the trash almost right away after constructed because they are just too fragile to use for more than a few minutes.Had they used higher quality parts, this would have been a winner for sure.  As it is...  It's only value is a short term teaching aid.  a One time use deal."
The idea of this product is, obviously, to provide a hands-on experience for learning about electronics and circuitry. However, it wasn't as easy to figure out as we had hoped. Items are made out of thin cardboard, so you don't really end up with anything durable. Also, I thought the kids would be able to build everything listed... and technically, they can, but not without disassembling items they have already built. That is a little disappointing.
This kit contains very user-friendly directions and explanations. I used it with two young people, one slightly younger than recommended (age 10) and one age 13. The clear illustrations and step by step directions make it easy to understand what to do. Some of the included materials may appear flimsy - cardboard circuit boards and brass fasteners, for example. But using metal circuits boards and soldering guns would make the cost of the kit MUCH higher, and I appreciate Ravensburger offering this affordable package. Not every item needed is included in the kit, but each lesson states clearly at the beginning what components are needed from the kit and what you will need to supply from your household. Household items needed include common things such as a house plant in a pot, a straw, or a 9 volt battery.The kids had fun with this and I learned a bit too! Recommended.
The Ravensburger Science X Electronics and Circuitry Activity Kit is both a great learning tool and it`s educational. This kit is a great fun way to get any child ten and older interested in the science of electricity. It is a great introduction into electrical engineering and comes with all the tools to build eight gadgets. They can make an alarm, construct a loudspeaker, and make a flashlight. They can even create and send morse code messages. I don't know a child who wouldn't be interested in that! Makes a great gift for boys or girls ten through fourteen interested in science.
We got the Ravensburger Science X Electronics and Circuitry Activity Kit for our 13-year-old. He's interested in electronics and we thought these projects would help him learn some basics about working with circuits. As other reviewers have noted, the projects aren't overly sturdy, so the finished projects probably won't be around for years to come. However, I think the quality of the product is commensurate with the price, which at the time of this review was only $26.59. In all, your budding electronics genius will be able to build eight projects form this kit. I think our favorite was the loudspeaker.The Ravensburger Science X Electronics and Circuitry Activity Kit is of appropriate value and quality for the price point. My overall rating is 5 out of 5 stars.
My 7 y.o. son really loves science related activities so was really excited to get this electronics set. The instructions are pretty easy to follow and allow kids to do experiments and building. He liked putting together the different parts to create the loudspeaker and flashlight. The only downfall is that the circuit board is cardboard-like and some of the pieces seem a little flimsy. However, this kit is less expensive than other similar kits so if price matters, this is a decent deal.**You will need a 9V battery
My son was so excited to get this kit but unfortunately became frustrated once the building started. I stepped in to take over and in a very short time I became frustrated too. The kit is not like the electronic ones I had when I was a kid. This one uses materials that are so cheap that it makes it almost impossible to build your project.Contents: 13 Resistors, 1 IC TBA 820, 4 BC 547 Transistors, 1 White LED, 4 Green LEDs, 2 Ceramic Capacitors, 6 Electrolytic Capacitors, 1 Loudspeaker, 1 Battery Terminal, 5 m Black Wire & 5 m Red Wire, 1 Audio Jack, 1 Plastic Tool, 30 Brass Fasteners, 25 Springs, 1 Flashlight & Reflector Panel, 1 Reading Lamp Panel & Shade, 1 Contact Alarm Panel, 1 Loudspeaker Panel, 1 Morse Code & Switch Panel, 9 Printed Circuit Boards, Detailed Instruction Manual. (9 Volt Battery Not Included)Make an alarm to protect your things. Construct a loudspeaker for your music. Assemble a reading lamp and a flashlight. Create and send Morse code messages from your own unit. Become an electrical engineer and build eight awesome gadgets that really work!PROS:* The direction book is excellent, using simple explanations of electricity and easy to follow instructions.* The packaging is very nice and the layout of the parts are well designated.CONS:* You can only make one item at a time. Many of the parts are shared between items.* The tiny boxes (such as the speaker case, the flashlight case...etc.) are made of super cheap cardboard and will not hold up to simple use and it makes building very difficult.* Connecting the wires is a near impossible task. The wire is super thin braided wire and the connectors are brass clips that you wrap the wire around. If my kid was not in the room I would have said some things I would have regretted. Aggravation doesn't even begin to express how mad I was at this cheap crap. The wire falls off very easily. No screws like one would have in a real electronic kit.* The kit comes with a tool. Throw it away. It's worthless.* The kit is not self-contained. You still need other parts but nothing you can't easily find.* The wire connections are so flimsy that even after getting your project built it has more shorts then the island of Bermuda.* Over-priced for this low-end product.Not Recommended
This kit was fun for my 11 yr old and 7 yr old.  They've been interested in electronic circuitry kits for awhile so we gave this one a shot.  It just wasn't great.  I was disappointed that the kit didn't contain everything you need.  Even more disappointing was that when you finally gather all the things you need, you can only build one thing at a time, as several things share parts.  So you can build it, test it, then have to disassemble it to make something else which was a real bummer.  Plus, the parts are fragile and cheap and do not hold up well to disassembling and reassembling.
