Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
What is Mental Blox? It's a memory game, or a critical thinking challenge, or a stacking toy, or a game to learn to follow verbal instructions, or a building set, or a lesson in shapes and colors, and that probably does not even cover all the possibilities.Included are 20 double sided laminated Activity/Question Cards, A Guide, and 20 lightweight, hollow plastic blocks with various shapes, colors, and patterns. The box allows for easy storage and since the shapes are all plastic they can easily be cleaned up after use (a great plus in a classroom!).I got this originally thinking it would work great in one of my special ed classrooms (high school age) since it had a wide variety of play possibilities and potential difficulty levels that could be enjoyed by students with various learning and/or physical disabilities, with ease.I was checking it out when my daughter came by to visit, and she and her friends thought it would be fun to challenge each other (they are in their twenties!). They played for quite a while, using the game where they attempted to memorize and replicate what was on a card after having only 10 seconds to commit it to memory. It was a lot of fun, and she wanted to take it to keep at her apartment to challenge other friends.So, there you go! Mental Blox can be used in so many ways that it appeals to all ages and abilities. My only downside? The cost seems a bit high for a box of plastic blocks...but the concept and design make it so versatile that it's probably worth every penny.I definitely recommend it for the classroom, and my daughter has proven it's great for all ages at home too!

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.05226816609501839,0.05202142149209976,0.052224546670913696,0.055692631751298904,0.053507767617702484,0.05294538289308548,0.0504847876727581,0.05265767127275467,0.04964560642838478,0.057416703552007675,0.05143827572464943,0.0510328970849514,0.05269555374979973,0.05237928777933121,0.054598692804574966,0.05231137201189995,0.052043478935956955,0.05147548019886017,0.05316026136279106
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
My oldest son just turned 5, and this is a challenging game for him. He IS delayed, but rapidly catching up. I would guess this is probably a perfect activity for most 5-6 year olds, though.This game comes with 20 activity cards and 20 (hard) plastic blocks. (Some of the blocks can also be used to teach 3-D shapes to children.) The object of the game is to have your child stack the blocks to match the ones in the picture. It will cause them to have to think and is a great way to build a longer attention span.Aside from the main purpose of the game, my 2 year old loves to just play with them, and stack them.Overall, it's a great game to build some thinking skills for your little one.
Amazing game! As a homeschooling mother of a 7,5,3 and 1 year old I can tell you this game was a big hit with my kids. All of them. No matter the age there is something each one of them found to do with these pieces. They even seem durable with three boys throwing them around against my wishes. I love the concept and highly recommend this product.
This is a really fun thinking game. I love the variety of which you can play it. It can be played solo or with another person and it even has instructions of two different ways to play with teams. My younger daughter likes to just build with the blocks on their own. My older daughter can follow the cards and build the structures pictured on them. I especially like the bonus questions on the bottom of the cards that just push thinking a little more (ex. &#34;Add onto this structure with a shape and color that hasn't been used.&#34; or &#34;What attribute do all of these blocks have in common?&#34;)
Mental Blox is a brain boosting hands-on strategy game that was released this year by Learning Resources. It's geared toward children ages 5-13 and there's a wide variety of ways to use the game! I will vouch that there's more than meets the eye on the surface of Mental Blox. It can either be a look & build stacking game, a listen and build game, and you can use it to teach a child about pattern sequencing as well as take an approach to educate a child on geometric shapes and the correct names.Included in the Mental Blox set is are 20 double sided Activity/Question Cards, A Guide, and 20 Blocks (2 sets of 10). The blocks are made out of plastic. The patterns on the blocks range from stripes, polka dots,  and solids. Colors include are very appealing to children! There's bright orange, blue, purple, and green.  The shapes are pyramids, spheres, squares, and x blocks. The blocks seem very durable and can be cleaned easily if need be. The box allows for easy storage as you can just put every pack away in the inner cardboard cooperated compartments.  The game literally takes up no space at all.I'm pleased to say that I was able to make Mental Blox work for than one of my children, especially because each of my children have different learning styles. This set appealed greatly to them both! The cards whether doing Look & Build or Listen and Build start at the easiest with card #1 and then get harder all the way up #40.My daughter age 5 years old did well with both of the suggested games in the guide. And I was very happy in how well she was able to follow heard instructions which isn't normally one of her strongest areas of focus.  I also liked using the set to help her work on her observation skills. For example showing her the card for 10 seconds and not letting her build it till I took the card away. She was able to completely the easy cards very quickly but totally was challenged when the harder cards came out.My nearly 3 year old son did well looking at the cards and re-creating exactly what he saw. I also let him free play with the pieces as well as instruct him with what each shapes name is. So we'll be going through those throughout our school year often since it's so great for the brain and helps improve fine motor skills! And the fact both my kids love the game makes it a win-win situation.I highly recommend Mental Blox for any home or classroom use! Five out of five stars!
My kids have really enjoyed this game. Reminds me of another build it game we have. lots of fun for the family. Age rating is appropriate. Unique shapes make it fun.  I would recommend this game for a family.
This is an outstanding toy for my niece.  The pieces are rather large and extremely easy to handle and place which makes this game incredibly easy to maneuver for little people's hands.  The puzzles vary from very easy to slightly more complicated, but not at all ridiculously hard for that age group.  It was so very fun to watch my little one figure out the puzzle, place the pieces in the proper order and see her smile from ear to ear every time she completed a puzzle.  Priceless in my opinion!
"My six year-old son has excellent visual and spatial awareness skills, but poor verbal learning skills, so I selected this game to help use his strengths to work on his weakness.  Just copying the structure from the card is too easy for him, but when I tell him what to do, it becomes more of a challenge.  Each card also has a follow-on question with reasoning about the attributes of the blocks, which are a good challenge for him.  Making him be the instruction giver without being allowed to use his hands is also a good challenge.  As he improves, I intend to make my instructions more vague to force him to ask clarifying questions.  He also learned some new vocabulary words, like ""structure"" and ""attributes.""It's difficult to tell the scale from the photograph, but the blocks are much larger than I expected, large enough to be nice for my daughter with cerebral palsy to work on fine motor skills like stacking.  The cards are around twice as long as standard playing cards."
My 6 year old son absolutely ADORES this game. He plays with the blocks on his own, and enjoys playing the real game, too. The only thing I don't like is that to play the actual game the way it's intended you need at least 3 people. Often he and I will &#34;play together&#34;, in which I tell him the instructions and he builds on his own. He still gets the mental challenge, but here's no competition there. When dad is home we can do it with three people, but that's rare. Someday we'll be able to play with his siblings when they are older, but for now we'll just limp along playing my adapted &#34;two player&#34; version. But it has some great challenges and is a lot of fun for him, so it's a pretty good product.
The blocks are made out of plastic. I usually prefer wood toys, but they love this so much it almost doesn't matter. You can play multiple ways. They can look at the card and build what they see. Or they can listen to the directions being called out and build what they hear. Mine like to play the second way. And they like to take turns calling out the directions, which gives them even more learning opportunity. (Describing which block and where it should go in relationship to the other blocks has been a great skill builder for my group.) My 4 year old, 6 year old, and 7 year old all love playing. My 2 year old likes playing, but he can only play properly by looking at the cards and building what he sees, since he doesn't understand many of the adjectives used in orally describing what to build. (He only knows a few colors and has no idea what a sphere, pyramid, or cube are.) They also love just building with the blocks, even without looking at the cards. They invented a new way to play, as well. One person builds something with their set and the other person has to copy what the first built. With so many ways to play, this game has been played with daily for over a week now!
What is Mental Blox? It's a memory game, or a critical thinking challenge, or a stacking toy, or a game to learn to follow verbal instructions, or a building set, or a lesson in shapes and colors, and that probably does not even cover all the possibilities.Included are 20 double sided laminated Activity/Question Cards, A Guide, and 20 lightweight, hollow plastic blocks with various shapes, colors, and patterns. The box allows for easy storage and since the shapes are all plastic they can easily be cleaned up after use (a great plus in a classroom!).I got this originally thinking it would work great in one of my special ed classrooms (high school age) since it had a wide variety of play possibilities and potential difficulty levels that could be enjoyed by students with various learning and/or physical disabilities, with ease.I was checking it out when my daughter came by to visit, and she and her friends thought it would be fun to challenge each other (they are in their twenties!). They played for quite a while, using the game where they attempted to memorize and replicate what was on a card after having only 10 seconds to commit it to memory. It was a lot of fun, and she wanted to take it to keep at her apartment to challenge other friends.So, there you go! Mental Blox can be used in so many ways that it appeals to all ages and abilities. My only downside? The cost seems a bit high for a box of plastic blocks...but the concept and design make it so versatile that it's probably worth every penny.I definitely recommend it for the classroom, and my daughter has proven it's great for all ages at home too!
This game is geared towards 5 and 6 year olds.  The game comes with 20 blocks and 20 cards.  The goal is to recreate the shape on the cards.  You can do this by looking at the card or by describing the card.  My son enjoyed this game and I liked that it teaches concentration and critical thinking.
I had a pretty good idea of what to expect from the product description of Mental Blox Critical Thinking Game so the reality wasn't much of a surprise. In fact, the only thing that surprised me was how compact it is--I expected larger pieces (mind you, I'm not complaining).Basically, Mental Blox Critical Thinking Game is kind of a Montessori-inspired set of blocks that encourages children to have fun THINKING. They're instructed to recreate either what they see (visual cues from cards) and what they hear (audio descriptions) with blocks of various shapes and patterns. Most children find this very engaging and I truly believe it helps them to develop their little minds in a number of ways, e.g. pattern recognition, identifying shapes, colors, and sizes, and perhaps most importantly in these video-saturated times, encouraging attention spans because the work is required in order to complete the assigned task. I can't imagine that a parent wouldn't want to foster this sort of development.The quality of Mental Blox is surprisingly (in these times) good and should a parent or gift-giving adult wish to purchase it for those children younger than the recommended age, durability and/or possibility of swallowing components isn't an issue. In fact, the recipient of my own set is just 2  years old and although he can't tough out the puzzles perfectly by any means, he's a very bright child and tries hard with it. That he continues to find the game intriguing at his age is a testament to just what a nice job the manufactures have done and how much thought went into it.The verdict: Mental Blox Critical Thinking Game is an excellent choice for stimulating a youngster's intellect in a fun way. I can't guarantee your child will enjoy it but it's certainly worth a shot.
I got this primarily as a family game, but my son just turned five years old and the actual game play was a little difficult for him. Instead, he liked to recreate the block configuration on the cards and enjoyed doing that. The challenge questions at the bottom were difficult. He was able to get the first one or two, but thereafter, it became difficult. There was one card where the configuration was not possible as they used a block that did not come in the kit. I forgot which it was but it was frustrating. Maybe I&#8217;ll put this away and come back to it in a year or so.
Sometimes it is the basic and simplest games that are effective learning tools. We have a small child care at home and this toy catches their attention for hours.  The blocks are colorful with basic patterns and shapes.  It says 5 and up but that is so they can play with the game's own set of rules.  But for stacking and motor control skills, even smaller toddlers can benefit with this toy.
this game has multiple uses and levels for critical thinking.For the just look at the picture - then build it phase: I was hoping this would be more of a challenge for my two boys, ages 5 and 8, they seemed to be able to do the advanced block cards without any trouble the first 5 mins of starting. The questions on the card however, even my oldest couldn't answer and they ended up just challenging each other to copy their own customized shape/building instead.The harder version of the game, where you read to them and they have to listen to which blocks comes first, what to place on top, and telling them the direction the lines are supposed to go, however became very challenging to both of them very quickly. Most of the time, they both accused me of not saying it right and asked to look at the card :)I think it could be an excellent vacation or on the go game.
I bought this for my 5 year old granddaughter.  She'll be 6 in December and I thought she would enjoy this.  She quickly felt defeated the very first time we played it.  The competitive game was too challenging for her and not challenging enough for the adults playing with her.  Perhaps this would have been more enjoyable for her if she had been playing with other children her age.The premise of the game is simple--each card shows an image of the multi-colored blocks in stacks of varying heights.  The idea is to look at the card for 10 seconds and, once the card is covered, each player tries to recreate the image using the blocks.  It's simple enough to learn but as I said, it frustrated her almost immediately.I came up with a solitaire version of the game where an adult shows the card for a count of 10 and then covers it, leaving her to try to recreate the image by herself.  This way she can compete with herself rather than feel frustrated with herself.  I do like the game and the idea of it but, so far, our experience with it hasn't been especially encouraging.
My daughter is too young for this, to use it as intended - but she still loves it. I think it will just get better for her as she gets older and starts following the patterns.I love this concept, and will be sure to purchase this set in the future for my friends children.  Great great gift.
Mental Blox provides an opportunity to engage young minds in new ways with its simple design of 20 blocks in variation of shape, color and pattern.  However, the game that the product describes seems underdeveloped.The game consists of one of 2 block-building exercises using the 20 included index cards that picture a block structure.  On each card, there's a &#34;bonus&#34; question below the structure -- either about modifying it or about its attributes.  Teams compete to build the structure either by seeing the card and getting 10 seconds or by not seeing the card and, instead, having someone describe it.  There's no timer; someone must count.  There is no real score to track.  The &#34;bonus&#34; question doesn't really even have any kind of defined bonus.  So, the competition necessary to make the game interesting isn't really there.  &#34;House rules&#34; play a big part in making the game fun for kids, so be prepared to get creative.There seems to be some good potential here for exercising young minds.  It's a nice alternative to brain training video games as it engages motor skills as well.  It's hard to completely recommend this game to others because of the underdeveloped gameplay, but if you or your kids have a creative side, you can make it quite enjoyable.
This is a pretty fun game and the kids (5 and 7 years) seem to enjoy it.  My biggest problem with it is that there is very little replay value in it.  That is, after they went through all the cards, there wasn't really anything else to do with it.  Sure, you can just stack the blocks, but there are better toys for that.  There are some other variations you can do, but either you need a large group or you don't really need this set to play any of those variations--you could just find things around the house and do the same thing.  I could see expansion packs for this where you get new cards (puzzles) to figure out, etc., but as is, the girls loved the game for about an hour and haven't really looked at it since.My other problem with the game is that it will present a puzzle, but doesn't provide an answer for most of the puzzles.  This becomes a problem when the question is a little ambiguous because you don't know if you actually did what they wanted or not.  Most of the time this isn't a problem, but when it is, you just guess at what they meant and decide you are right.These negative points aside, the concept is great--I would just like to see them do more with it.  I would like to try this out in a larger group and play in teams, as one of the variations suggests.  In the mean time, it will sit and wait for the girls to forget the answers to the puzzles and then decide to go through them again.
