Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
The kit we received was short one gemstone and one incorrect gemstone.  Not a big deal but I am taking off one star for this. The description says 8+ but the box is 10+.  8+ is correct age range in my opinion. Our daughter has been into minerals and gemstones for a couple of years.Our daughter and her friends used the kit so I was able to get feedback from there point of view.The instructions / directions are thorough, which made doing the experiments easy to do. This is a big plus because this a learning tool. They did say you have select which activity you want to do because there is not enough plaster.  The kit does include safety glasses but they also had to use my woodworking glasses.Creating the crystals was the activity they enjoyed the most. It was messy but I attribute that somewhat to that it was kids doing the activities but I still had them do the activities outside.  I would recommend this is the weather allows it.I would recommend this kit to anyone who has a child who is into minerals and gemstones.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.05638923496007919,0.0552486777305603,0.05515296012163162,0.052909404039382935,0.05830095708370209,0.05955687165260315,0.05280511453747749,0.05408329516649246,0.055328190326690674,0.05456098914146423,0.055378030985593796,0.05780697986483574,0.04484213516116142,0.055788349360227585,0.06308187544345856,0.057567283511161804,0.05331067368388176,0.05788896232843399
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
"This is a really awesome science kit! The instruction book is very plainly written and easy to understand. There is a lot of explanation and description of what crystals are, how they're made and why some are more valuable (gemstones). The kit has a lot of parts. The full list is in the product description so I'll not rehash that. Our kit came with pyrite, quartz crystal, agate, jasper, sodalite and what I think were amethyst and rose quartz. The stones are very small and very easy to lose.There are 20 total experiments, starting with just looking at the stones to identify them all the way to growing and creating your own geode and crystals. There is a template in the book as well for making your own storage box. Each experiment has a ""Why is this interesting?"" and a ""What do you think?"" for further discussion.I think this would be amazing for homeschooled kids who may not have access to a science lab. The experiments are not complicated, but are precise and require a present and participating adult. There are lots of ""also required"" things for each experiment. Make sure you read the instructions completely (a few times) before you start anything. Make sure you know what you're going to be doing and take your time."
My daughter (13 yrs old) and I are enjoying this kit during our homeschooling science time. She has always liked different rocks and crystals and not only is this kit fun to do, it also has some decent educational information that comes with it as well. I am sometimes skeptical of kits like this because when I was a kid they often came with experiments that didn't work, flimsy tools, or not enough of certain ingredients to properly complete projects. But so far I have not had any issues with that at all. This is really nice for homeschooling and would also make a great gift for tweens and young teens. It's fun, it's engaging, and they also learn something.
I have several Ravensburger kits and this one is the best of the three.  Overall, each of the kits is overpriced and includes some cheap supplies.  This kit has some interesting activities that are engaging for young children.  The crystals need some supervision with children as they are messier and delicate.  The packaging is misleading--big box for the contents that you actually get.  Consumers believe they are getting &#34;gems&#34; are comparable to those that would be used for rings--not so, they are quite small. Although this is the best of what we have, regarding kits from this company, I have to suggest either not buying this kit or finding a substantial discount.
"This is an inexpensive all in one experiment set for the inquisitive 5th or 6th grader. This would be great for home school families or science experiments since obtaining the different materials and stones individually would be quite the pain. However, there are a few real downsides to this set - the first is the quality of the materials, other than the minerals. These are ""toys"". You could get a better magnifying glass from the dollar store. You will also notice that some of the include materials you need are tiny - the stone slab is less than 1"" squared. Apart from that all of the experiments are real experiments that take time and the help of an adult. The kids will enjoy doing these - we sure did - and the results are great."
We have a number of Ravensburger products (games, puzzles) and love them all, for their quality and this Ravensburger Science X Crystals and Gemstones Activity Kit is no exception.Now I admit we are a family of nerds and geek's, but its the fact so few children are being exposed to the wonders of science that concerns me, and this item (do not want to call it a toy) is a great way to whet some child's curiosity for science.  And it's sure easier that the lump of coal, baking soda and blue dye we did when we were kids. And this has more than 20 fun projects to do.I also encourage books like The Everything Kids' Science Experiments Book: Boil Ice, Float Water, Measure Gravity-Challenge the World Around by Tom Robinson, and the new book Starting with Science: Strategies for Introducing Young Children to Inquiry by Marcia Talhelm Edson.
Whether it's a puzzle, a board game, or this science product, I'm always excited whenever we get something made by Ravensburger.  I know that I can expect better quality and a better user experience than I'm going to get from many other brands.  To that end, this introduction to crystals and gemstones does not disappoint.  It's not a perfect product, but it's well worth the price.Featuring a number of minerals, tools and supplies, the product features instructions for 20 different activities.  Kids can create their own crystals (likely to be the most popular experiment among kids in general), test the hardness of different types of minerals, and learn the terminology associated with crystals.  It's likely that some of these experiments might not come off perfectly, but the instructions are clear and easy enough that kids aren't going to become quickly disenchanted.The only warning I'd give parents considering this as a gift is that some of the necessary products needed for experiments, such as jars or toothpicks, are not included in the kit.  This is of course understandable given its size and price, but it's still something of which prospective buyers should be aware.  Overall, this is an excellent introduction to crystals for kids and one that I would highly recommend.  As usual, Ravensburger has produced a winner.
Rating things like this are hard because I'm not the primary user. So I rate it by how my child received it, used it, and if he continues to use it. The truth was, he was excited to get it, we played with it the first day, and a month later, it sits in his closet, probably never going to be touched again. He's 10, loves geology, has a rock collection, and has a serious interest in pursuing an education in the field. The magic of this item wore off by the second or third day.
"""Science X Crystals and Gemstones Activity Kit""(Ravensburger, 2013). . .A nice simple, budget-line science kit for kids interested in gems, crystals and minerology. Among the twenty experiments detailed in the instructions are a couple of crystal-growing projects, which are always fun. Perhaps the best of these is one where you grow your own ""geode"" inside an artificial plaster shell, although you will want to take you time and be sure to cast the plaster with care - it's not the most durable material. This kit stands out for the variety and breadth of experiments it offers -- it's not just another crystal-growing set, but also includes numerous gem and mineral samples and various ways of testing their composition, strength and density. The wide scope of the set is its strong point, while it loses points for the stinginess of the materials included... The samples are small, the materials not always the best. Kids who are already into rocks and science in general might be able to make better use of the activity book is they provide their own materials, particularly if they already have a stronger, higher quality magnifying glass than the one Ravensberger provides. All in all, though, this is a nice kit with some real science and decent experiments -- worth checking out!"
The Ravensburger Science X Crystals and Gemstones Activity Kit is a great learning tool that is both fun and inspirational for children.  The activities truly motivate children to want to learn about the science behind the experiments.  My son is 8 so he is a bit under the recommended age group for the kit but he was extremely excited to get underway with the experiments. Unfortunately he did require some supervision to perform the experiments but he enjoyed them nonetheless.  One negative of this kit is that it does not include everything you will need to get underway but the items that are not included are basic and most households will have access to them.  Overall this is a great alternative to the mindless toys and games that most kids are exposed to these days.
This is not an independent play activity, it requires hands on parents involvement which my husband didn't realize when giving the ok for the kids to get into it. That said, my boys (with Dad's help) have done three experiments and love this kit. Structured activities/detailed instructions aside, this would be a great present on for any occasion and it is something that I would buy as a birthday gift.Kids still have lots to do, not a one shot / one time activity. A+
"This might be the most positive 3 star review you'll read, but as I watched my kids go through this kit, I couldn't help but think that Ravensburger cut quite a few corners here that could have really made this a top-notch kit if they weren't cut.  Read on and I will explain.First,the instructions say ""Ages 10 and Up"", and you will want to heed that.  There isn't much in here that you can tear open and just ""do"" other than the scratch test on various materials.  Most of the kit is growing crystals, which is a process that involves the stove, hot water, and time.  So make sure whoever gets this is old enough to enjoy preparing the crystals and then letting them sit.  This is not a negative on the kit, but just a fact to keep in mind.As for the kit itself, the instruction manual is overall pretty good.  I have bought some science kits with poorly produced instructions.  These are easy to read, colorful, and quite descriptive.  All 20 experiments are real experiments, and not just added to fill up space.  The kit includes some basic items for doing the experiments, and here is where it gets its first dings from me.  When I opened the box, I was greeted with a cloud of Plaster Powder/Gypsum.  Yes - some of the kit includes casting things in plaster, and they have a bag of plaster very poorly wrapped inside.  The bag wasn't broken, but gypsum had seeped out of the seems.  Other disappointing inclusions included a really low-quality magnifying glass, and samples of gemstones that were impossible tiny.  Those gemstones came in a small ziplock bag.The first experiments include classifying the gems, but oddly enough, the instructions include no map - they tell you to ""get an atlas"" to find where the gems are from.  It then has you perform scratch tests to determine where they fit on the Mohs scale.  It would have been nice if the scale shown included the gems in the kit.  They are so small it can be hard to tell if you actually scratched them successful.I was also surprised that the experiment where you build crystal structures out of toothpicks included wax but no toothpicks!  Would it have killed Ravensburger's profit margin to include toothpicks in the set?The last experiments are where it gets interesting.  You get 5 different chemicals including Alum, Chromic Alum, Ammonium Di-Hydrogen Phosphate, Seignette Salt, and Potassium Hexacyanide Ferrate that make all sorts of cool crystals.  You grow these in jars (you must provide) and see how each chemical forms different crystals.  You can then grow crystals on a stone, grow them on a plaster diamond, grow them inside a plaster geode, etc.  The crystals are beautiful and my kids enjoyed seeing them grow.So conclusion?  It's an nice set of chemicals for crystal making, so I can recommend it if you want to take your crystal growing beyond sugar and salt.  Anybody can make sugar or salt crystals in their kitchen, but some of these chemicals may be hard to get on your own.  The kit is well worth it for this piece.  However, don't buy the kit expecting it to come with decent samples of gems or complete tools for doing the experiments.  Even something as simple as a toothpick you will be providing.  As long as you understand what you are getting, this could be a worthy buy, but it has enough ""gotchas"" that I need to rate it 3 stars."
"I got a copy of this to review through the Amazon Vine program.  My son and I have done a variety of ""science"" sets in the past and this was one of the better sets.  However it does have some issues.This set includes a variety of chemicals you can grow crystals out of.  It also includes some plaster to make plaster casts, a wood spatula, gemstones, a hardness slab, and very nice full color instructions.The instructions were awesome.  They are easy to read, have a lot of background and chemical explanation for those who want it, and are full of vibrant full color pictures.  The variety of chemicals included were good too.There were some things that were not great.  There is a lot missing from this kit that you need to do the experiments.  You need pencils, toothpicks, thermometer, glass jars with lids, a way to remove crystals from jars (tweezers, fork), a shoebox to build your crystal keeping box etc.  I understand some of this, however they could have included toothpicks and a way to remove the crystals (plastic tweezers or something like that).They include a wood spatula to mix the solutions.  This wasn't great, it gets pretty soggy and beat up after repeated use and it would have been nicer to have a plastic spatula.  The packaging of the kit was also poorly done.  One of the alum packets was not sealed and got alum everywhere inside the kit; it was a huge pain to clean up.This is definitely a kit intended for older children.  My six year old was able to help by mixing and weighing stuff out, but you are doing exact measurements and using near boiling water so he needed a lot of supervision and help.  Also (aside from the gemstone hardness testing) everything takes days to get results.  So there isn't a lot of immediate gratification here.The experiments varied from really interesting and neat, to not working at all.  All of the crystals we made took more than the 1-2 days listed to grow.  We had the solutions sitting for about 2 weeks before we saw any large amount of crystal growth.  The selenite salt crystals didn't grow at all, neither did the Ammonium Di-Hydrogen Phosphate crystals.  The experiment where you plaster cast a diamond shape and then insert the diamond into alum solution to grow crystals on it didn't work well because the tub they give you doesn't actually allow you to completely submerge the diamond shape in the alum solution.So all in all this is a good crystal growing kit but there are things that could have been done better.  I would recommend it but just be aware of the extra things you need to do the experiments, the fact that this is for older children, and be prepared for some of the experiments not to work (not a bad lesson in experimentation but somewhat disappointing).Pros:- Neat chemicals to grow crystals from- Excellent instructions- A very nice variety of experimentsCons:- Need to provide you own materials for experimentation (toothpicks, thermometer, glass jars)- Materials provided could be better quality (wooden spatula for stirring was poor quality, tub for alum bath didn't fit diamond cast well).- Packaging was poor (alum powder wasn't sealed and leaked all over everything)- Some of the experiments just didn't work or took much longer to grow crystals then stated in instructions.- Definitely for 10+ age range"
I'm a sucker for educational gifts and am especially attuned to the sciences.  My grandfather was a geophysicist, I embraced all the sciences in school, and eventually got a degree in Biology (which I have subsequently never used).  I'm really into sharing learning experiences with my family and have found the Science X line from Ravensburger one of the more reliable brands.  I was, therefore, very interested to try out the Crystals and Gemstones Activity kit.Obviously, this set is geared to a geology lesson.  If you're interested in other options, here's a preview of some of the other Ravensburger products:Exploring CareersMagnetic MagicNature's EnergyCSI Crime Scene Investigation3-D OpticsSecret CodesSimulating NatureCrystal MagicElectronics And CircuitryNOTE: These are not TOYS.  They are for older children that have a natural curiosity and desire to learn and experiment.  Not every kid will have the patience for this set, it provides actual work and learning with review questions and workbook-like activities.I was particularly satisfied with the 20 activities and various supplies included in the Crystal and Gemstone kit.  Many of the projects rely on observation and sensory experimentation.  Others give kids the opportunity to create and grow crystals.  As with any scientific experiment, results may vary.  We had some that worked spectacularly well, and others that were less successful.  But listen, having spent years of my life in a laboratory environment, not everything will work out.  That's also a pretty important lesson for burgeoning scientists.I, personally, have always been fascinated with rocks and mineral and this didn't even disappoint the child in me.  Some kids will hate it!  Some will not think it is fun!  But Science X isn't pandering to everyone (although I suppose they'd like the sales).  The audience for these sets are a group of older kids (10-14, maybe) that actually enjoy learning to begin with.  Is that you're kid?  You know them better than me!  KGHarris, 10/13.
First off, the Ravensburger Science X Crystals and Gemstones Activity Kit is not a toy. Some kids above the recommended range might be able to take it and go with it, but for the recommended group, parental guidance is strongly recommended. If your child loves playing with rocks and has the patience for it, this is a great (and fun) set, but it's probably not for anyone. Also, if you want to hand something off to your child for them to do alone without you, then this probably isn't a great choice.Now that that's out of the way, for the child (and parent) with an interest in geology, stones and crystals, this should prove to be entertaining and educations (great as a family activity). The included 20 experiments all have clear, straightforward instructions, with some being more interesting than others (the crystal-growing activities were far and away the biggest hit in my home). There are some small quibbles I could make (the stones themselves are much smaller-than-expected, while some of the included tools just seem very cheap considering the list price of the set), but overall, it does what it sets out to do. The Ravensburger Science X Crystals and Gemstones Activity Kit spurs interest in science while providing a fun time to those who have the interest.
The kit we received was short one gemstone and one incorrect gemstone.  Not a big deal but I am taking off one star for this. The description says 8+ but the box is 10+.  8+ is correct age range in my opinion. Our daughter has been into minerals and gemstones for a couple of years.Our daughter and her friends used the kit so I was able to get feedback from there point of view.The instructions / directions are thorough, which made doing the experiments easy to do. This is a big plus because this a learning tool. They did say you have select which activity you want to do because there is not enough plaster.  The kit does include safety glasses but they also had to use my woodworking glasses.Creating the crystals was the activity they enjoyed the most. It was messy but I attribute that somewhat to that it was kids doing the activities but I still had them do the activities outside.  I would recommend this is the weather allows it.I would recommend this kit to anyone who has a child who is into minerals and gemstones.
"The kit is a good introduction to growing crystals. It has clear instructions and most of the materials needed. The things that are needed but not included (pot, glass jar, salt, pencil, etc) can easily be found around the house or obtained from a store. We skipped experiment 4 (making of a box for your stones) and dove into the several experiments on growing various crystals. Aside from the geode one (the plaster cracked but it might have just been a case of ""too many cooks"") they all worked out pretty well although the kids were expecting much bigger crystals. They were however excited when started improvising with coloring the crystals. All in all it was fun and the kid got some insight on how crystals come about and behave (as in you can melt them)."
Ravensburger consistently puts out quality toys. This kits is no exception.  The kit comes complete with 8 gemstones, safety glasses, geode form, magnifying glass, plaster powder, powders for crystal cultivation, soapstone, diamond form, plastic measuring cup, an instruction book and more. The very clear and colorful instruction book includes 20 labs that the child can perform with the items included in the kit. The labs include several different crystal making labs, gemstone identification, and mineral properties.The kit is made for children 10 years and older and most experiments require adult supervision. My son and husband had a great time pouring over the instruction book and working on a lab together.This is a great product for science-minded kids and homeschoolers.
Growing crystals has always fascinated me and having a grandson who is developing an interest in science was enough of a reason to get this kit. It has 20 activities and a manual that explains how to complete them. My grandson is 10 years old and even though that is the lower end of the age limit listed for this, he had no trouble with anything - after we went over the directions and I helped to supervise and grow some of my own crystals.I was pleased that safety glasses were included, not the most sturdy, but adequate. There are 5 crystal salts to grow and an assortment of small `gemstones' to work with. You are encouraged to think which makes this a great gift to fascinate young and old in some interesting science activities.
