Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
"This toy is a collaboration of Hasbro's Playskool division and Sesame Street. The set is made of durable, hard plastic that snaps together easily, but is intended for adult assembly, not kids.  No tools are necessary, not even a screwdriver, so the set can be put together by an adult fairly quickly with a bare minimum of frustration.The set comes with an oval-shaped track and railroad station.  It's perfect for floor play, though it can also be placed on a table, if that would be more convenient. Because all parts are plastic, there is little chance of scratching wood. The upper section can be removed to give the child the opportunity to use the set as a train-only track, or for a car and train arrangement.There is an appealing audio feature. Three songs, assorted phrases, and sound effects are included. As you roll the two-car train along the track, you can hear songs about letters and numbers. Elmo is the engineer who drives the train, and his passenger is Grover, who sits in a yellow taxi that fits neatly into the second car of the train. Grover's taxi can be used separately on the overhead roadway, when the roadway is affixed to the set's base.The set is appropriately designed for its 2-to-4-year-old target audience. It's simple enough to understand, colorful, musical, and allows the child to actually move the train and car around rather than merely be a spectator.The only drawback I can think of is storage. It's not that easy to disassemble the set. If you hold onto the original box, that would be fine, but if you don't, you may find different parts of the set all over the house. In any case, the set pieces must be taken apart carefully to avoid breaking a critical snap. If your child really enjoys Elmo Junction, other vehicles containing other Sesame Street characters may be purchased separately.As far as the set's educational value... There are letters and numbers along the track (which are helpful in putting the pieces together) that kids will get to recognize and repeat as they play with this toy over and over.The set comes with 2 AAA ""demo batteries,"" which are to make Elmo sing. The train itself has to be pushed along by hand. It is not mechanized."

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.06452103704214096,0.05825752019882202,0.059029895812273026,0.048008162528276443,0.05479782447218895,0.05033095180988312,0.051306724548339844,0.05902598053216934,0.05135965719819069,0.05584729462862015,0.05381876975297928,0.06118486821651459,0.0504630021750927,0.056872811168432236,0.0538715161383152,0.06744230538606644,0.05554479360580444,0.048316892236471176
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
We handed the Playskool Sesame Street Elmo Junction Train Set to an adorable and very-busy 4 year old who was over with visiting family, and he loved it! He didn't stop playing with it for quite a while which is a testament in itself... he loved the fact that it had trains and cars with it, and his mom liked that it was pretty easy to put together with the little one still clinging to her. Elmo's familiar voice could be heard clearly without being too loud, and it delighted the little boy.
There are so many lovable Sesame Street characters that are marketed in conjunction with various toys.The Playskool Sesame Street Elmo Junction Train Set appeared to be a fun unit.However, it is total frustration in attempting to move vehicles around the track.  More than one child tested out this toy and abandoned all attempts as did adults watching over them.There seemed to be no way around getting around and it basically does very little.Wound up keeping Elmo and Grover vehicles as independent little toys.
"I like that this train track has numbers and letters spaced along it! Not only does that feature make assembling the track easier for me, but it also gets my little ones looking at letters and numbers as they're playing. That automatically adds to the educational value. I also love that this set folds over creating a whole ""new"" train track to play with. It's so easy to do this that my two oldest(2 and 4)had it figured out in no time. It's definitely added time to its ""play"" time.It comes with a train, one train car with a ramp, and a little car to load onto that train car, in addition to the train track. This extra play adds even more to its ""play"" time, too! :)The assembly is quick and easy. The pieces are thick and durable, so this is an especially great set for younger children.Overall, we like it! It's gotten lots of attention from the little ones!"
My three year old grandson is a solid Elmo fan and anything Elmo elicits a lot of happy smiles and joy. He also loves trains and cars and planes. The Playskool Sesame Street Elmo Junction Train set fits all of the criteria except for the plane bit.The set includes a 24 piece train track with station, Elmo train car and a rail car, Grover taxi and a sheet of stickers. You can use the set as a one level train track or convert it easily to a two level car and train play set. A nice bonus is that the train is interactive and when rolling it sings and speaks is teaching your child about letters and numbers.My only complaint about the set is it is secured to the box with those annoying ties. While I realize manufacturers need to secure toys in such a way that they don't rattle, break lose, or give to eager hands in the store--this is not Fort Knox housing gold you know! But other than that, this is a great set for the preschooler. Educational, durable, and fun.
At first I thought my twin 3 year olds would love the whole set, but in the end they really just liked the Elmo train and Grover car set. They kept taking apart the whole railroad set using various parts to throw around or even use the flag poles as fake guns.I wish the rails and various parts were all one piece because I became quickly tired of gathering up all the parts and reassembling it again.I may buy more trains and cars, but the rest of the rail yard will likely be put away. All the parts just became quickly annoying for a parent to clean up.
If there is a two to four year old who can't decide whether trains or cars are the coolest thing here is your solution.This set has an Elmo driven train that goes around a flat track and around a Sesame Street train station.  One side of the track folds over to create an elevated roadway that the included Grover taxi can drive around on.  The car and the train are not motorized but as the child pushes the train around the track 3 different songs play to help teach the alphabet and numbers.There are also sound effects like a train whistle.  The entire set folds up so it can be easily stored.  There are demo batteries included but you will need two AAA batteries to operate this set.
"I liked this train/car set and I thought I'd like it better than the similarly priced ""Thomas and Friends: Real Talking Thomas Train"" we just got.  But I'd have to say the Thomas set is much cooler because the train moves on it's own around the track.  This set does not, it's all manual.  Hand push only.That said, this set has the advantage of being converted into a one level play area or a two story play thing by flipping up the track.  It also has both a car and a train.  It has more songs certainly.This playset also boasts that it can fold up to save space, but I have difficulty doing it without breaking the track apart.  So it will fold up but you have to be careful with it.I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 3 though because it is fun for my kids to play with and it's probably not fair to compare it to this other set we just got."
"My 21-month-old loves this toy!  It was a bit of a bear to get out of the packaging, but once it was out assembly was a breeze.  At first I was a bit disappointed that the train didn't run on it's own, but considering the places my daughter has since decided that the train needs to run (like across the sleeping dog), I'm glad it's only running on ""baby power.""  Little bumps in the track set off different songs from Elmo and the bumps are patterned to set off songs that are related to that area - ABC's for the letters section, etc.The toy is rather large when laid out, but it comes apart easily for quick cleanups.  We happened to have a handy basket that we can just pop the parts into and store out of the way.  However, the toy is attractive enough to leave out if you have room.  And a bonus is that the edges of the track are rounded so they don't hurt your feet terribly when you inevitably step on one in the middle of the night!"
for an Elmo fan this toy is greatthe little ones love to play with itolder kids would easily get boredthink this is good for about 1.5-3 years oldand maybe a 4 year old who still really adores Sesame StreetIt is a nice simple basic train setdo not need a bunch of other parts or pieces to play with itit does fold up but it is not a fold and go setthe moment you try to pick it up folded it falls apartThe best way to enjoy it is on the floor or on the table! LOVE the sounds!!!!!
My two year old son is loving this train set. He has always been fascinated with trains but our house does not have the space for a big train table so this is a perfect solution! He is a big fan of Elmo so having him as the conductor is a plus. I like that you can change the train track to become a second layer. I see quite a few year of use from this train set!
The Playskool Sesame Street Elmo Junction Train Set is great for younger children. My 18-month old twins and almost 3-year old love it. This really isn't a traditional start and watch it go train-set, but geared more toward imaginative, hands-on play that's perfect for toddlers. You basically have to move Elmo around the track by hand, and as he passes certain sections of the track, he'll sing a particular song (that's what the batteries are for). The girls like Elmo (I like the little Grover taxi better myself...but that's just me), so they like that aspect of it quite a bit.The set itself folds up neatly, which is good for tucking it away when not in use, although things don't exactly lock in place, so this probably isn't a good set to take on the go. The set seems durable enough (the girls aren't terribly rough with their things, but they have put it through its paces) and all-in-all, they've had a lot of fun with it. I wouldn't expect this to be all that exciting to anyone over 4, but for those 18-months to that point, if my girls are any indicator, it should be a lot of fun for them.
Our grandchild tried this out this weekend and was totally excited by it - Elmo is a favorite so I suspect this will have wide appeal with little Sesame Street fans.The train and car is very well made, and the tracks are pretty sturdy as well. We loved the way that this can be folded up easily. Anything with space-saving features earn extra points in my book. Also item was well packaged and once we got it out the box (lots of fasteners to cut, it was easy to set up.Priced well and seems durable too. Recommended
"When my three-year-old son first saw this toy, he was overwhelmed with joy and shout out ""oh wow!""  He already had a few Elmo toys and even another toy train, but the combination is a hit with kids!  It took my wife and me a little while to put the tracks together and place the stickers in the right places, but when it was done, our son was very happy.  The Elmo train engine sings and makes sound effects.  The Grover car doesn't make any noise, but can fit nicely on the train car (that even has a ramp for Grover's car to drive up onto the train).  There are groves on the track that make Elmo sing about numbers when he drives on the ""numbers"" tracks and sing about the alphabet when he drives on the ""alphabet"" tracks.  Overall, kids will like it and it is durable."
This train is cute but I expected it to do more. Elmo talks, but you have to move him on track himself. Also, the ramp that connects the upstairs (when you have it configured that way) doesn't fit.My 18 mo old has fun with it, though
While it was easy to assemble, the plastic is a bit flimsy.  It takes up quite a bit of floor space and does not have skids on the underneath side to prevent the tracks from sliding around on non-carpeted floors.
"This toy is a collaboration of Hasbro's Playskool division and Sesame Street. The set is made of durable, hard plastic that snaps together easily, but is intended for adult assembly, not kids.  No tools are necessary, not even a screwdriver, so the set can be put together by an adult fairly quickly with a bare minimum of frustration.The set comes with an oval-shaped track and railroad station.  It's perfect for floor play, though it can also be placed on a table, if that would be more convenient. Because all parts are plastic, there is little chance of scratching wood. The upper section can be removed to give the child the opportunity to use the set as a train-only track, or for a car and train arrangement.There is an appealing audio feature. Three songs, assorted phrases, and sound effects are included. As you roll the two-car train along the track, you can hear songs about letters and numbers. Elmo is the engineer who drives the train, and his passenger is Grover, who sits in a yellow taxi that fits neatly into the second car of the train. Grover's taxi can be used separately on the overhead roadway, when the roadway is affixed to the set's base.The set is appropriately designed for its 2-to-4-year-old target audience. It's simple enough to understand, colorful, musical, and allows the child to actually move the train and car around rather than merely be a spectator.The only drawback I can think of is storage. It's not that easy to disassemble the set. If you hold onto the original box, that would be fine, but if you don't, you may find different parts of the set all over the house. In any case, the set pieces must be taken apart carefully to avoid breaking a critical snap. If your child really enjoys Elmo Junction, other vehicles containing other Sesame Street characters may be purchased separately.As far as the set's educational value... There are letters and numbers along the track (which are helpful in putting the pieces together) that kids will get to recognize and repeat as they play with this toy over and over.The set comes with 2 AAA ""demo batteries,"" which are to make Elmo sing. The train itself has to be pushed along by hand. It is not mechanized."
This is a bright, cheerful and apparently fun toy train set for the little ones. My 2 year old Godchild enjoys it tremendously. It's easy to snap together and seems pretty durable. The train, cars and taxi are adorable and the little one has spent hours playing with this. Would definitely recommend.
The two-year-old who played with this Sesame Street Elmo Junction Train set absolutely loves it! Perfect for preschool-aged children, this train set was easy to assemble and has a two-in-one feature with train tracks and also a roadway. Besides that, this toy is also educational as young children will be able to learn the alphabet and numbers through the songs.This set comes with ten feet of track and can be easily folded up and transported around. It does take up a bit of space when it is set up and does better on carpets since it tends to slide around on shiny surfaces like tiled flooring. There are 24 pieces which include the train station, track, Elmo train and rail car, Grover taxi, a label sheet containing 16 labels, and instruction sheet. I find the price rather steep, but I can certainly attest to the fun experience it provides young children after witnessing the fun time had by the two-year-old playing with it.
