Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
This Lincoln Log set is almost exactly like the Lincoln Logs I had growing up 30 years ago. It comes with directions of how to build the the Horseshoe Hill station but of course you can be creative and build other things as well. However, this is a pretty small set and would better as an add-on to a larger starter set if you want to get really creative.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.06292278319597244,0.0691160038113594,0.06785412132740021,0.06805337965488434,0.06628495454788208,0.06902669370174408,0.06909596174955368,0.06793302297592163,0.06837783008813858,0.06546004861593246,0.06541944295167923,0.07002228498458862,0.06634166091680527,0.061183664947748184,0.06290817260742188
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
If you're familiar with Lincoln Logs, then you probably don't even need my review. This set fits right in with the classic Lincoln Logs sets to create this pattern or just use your imagination and go much farther! My children have long played with Lincoln Logs passed down from my husband, and they were delighted to get these new ones. They found them sturdy and well-made, fitting together much better than the old, worn-down Lincoln Logs they're used to playing with.The plastic roof is really the only negative. It reduces the flexibility options of this set, forcing children to only create buildings with that size roof. The classic plank roof options are much better.This is a great starter set! Obviously, though, once you get started, you'll want more...and more...and more!
I played with Lincoln Logs when I was a kid.  I remember having lots of fun playing with my brothers and sisters and our set of Lincoln Logs.  My kids had a set of Lincoln Logs that entertained them as well.  We have added this set to the Logs we already have, and now the grandkids can build more buildings.  Lincoln Logs are great for creative play.
Lincoln Logs are a true classic that has luckily not gone the way of other toys and went plastic. I played with them as a boy and now my kids can enjoy them.
Lincoln logs will always be a great toy for kids. They stack easily and stay in place. Legos are a little bit harder to get together, so these are better for more relaxed, easy going playing. My kids ages 6 and 9 had a good time making different configurations with the logs, though they're on the older side of the age spectrum. I would get these for kinder-2nd grade kids, for the best target age, but it doesn't mean older or younger kids wouldn't have fun, i just mean that they would be best used by that age group. This is a good starter set, and i'd recommend getting this one before you get any others, to make sure your kids do enjoy playing with them. I also love that the tin it comes it, can easily be used to store them back up, with a lid, making them easy to store in a closet or under the bed.
"Lincoln Logs have been around ""forever"". I had them when I was a kid (many, many years ago), and always loved playing with them. This is the first set I have touched in decades and I am happy to say that it's just as I remembered but with the addition of a very nice roof, door, flags, horse, and cowboy. How cute!! The logs are durable and assemble just like the ones I remember, and they can be used for all kinds of different builds even aside from what this set instructs. It's always fun to play with Lincoln Logs. There is just something about them that is inspiring, entertaining, nostalgic, and unique. Introduce your kids and grandkids to this timeless toy, and expect to see a lot of smiles and creativity! :)"
These are Lincoln Logs, that fun toy we grew up with, where you can build cabins, houses, barns, the whole ranch! I love Lincoln Logs, and so do my grandkids. Dump them on the floor and let the imagination take over. They are still made of wood, the way they were when we were children. My 6 and 3 year old grandchildren love them. They come in a durable container for storage. The only downside to this set is there are not enough of them for a child to really get into the play. We got these to add to a set our grandchildren already had. But if you were getting this set as a stand alone, you would probably do better to get a bigger set to begin with.  Durable, bright, and FUN for all ages.
"I was so happy to have the chance to let my kids play with Lincoln Logs. They are just like I remember--and the set I remember was my dad's, from the 1950s, which I got to ""borrow."" Nothing has been ""updated"" as near as I can tell, and that is just as well. It was perfect enough already. My kids have gotten so much use out of these, especially compared to the battery-powered gimmicky toys that fill so many shelves at the toy store. All three kids--ages 3, 5, and 7--have been able to build structures with the logs, so it is very user-friendly. In addition, they have used the pieces for every imagination play purpose you can think of. I recently saw them building a ""yard"" for their Thomas trains with these. Definitely a good investment and a great gift."
I got this for my 3 year old and her friends to play with (I run a home day care) and it seems like they are just underage to really enjoy it.  They like putting things together and playing with the little man and horse that came with the set, but as far as actually assembling the structure -- they are not quite ready.  It's a durable toy though, and I remember my brother spending hours playing with his Lincoln logs, so I will but them away for a year and hope for the best.
I remember my little brother playing with Lincoln Logs in the late 1960's. They were a blast then and they are a blast now. While not quite as versatile as other building toys, they are just plain fun and look fantastic when the building is completed. This is a great toy for kids who haven't quite mastered the little colored plastic blocks. The pieces are larger and are a great toy to use along with plastic cowboys and indians. I have nothing negative to say about this product.
My daughter likes this set because the featured building is fun for her to play with. At 11, she is older than the target age, so she didn't have a problem with the build. Fortunately, the featured building is stunning.However, I am disappointed that this set is so limited. As an adult, I had trouble trying to put together ONE decent (complete) structure aside from the one that is detailed in the directions. There are definitely not enough longer pieces.Also, be aware that the structure on the box is totally open in the back. My daughter likes that she can play in it easily, but I miss the ability to build all sides of a building and then remove the roof to play. Of course, this would require more of the longer pieces.As nice as the Horseshoe Hill Station is, it would have been great to have detailed directions to build at least one other thing with the logs (there's a photo of another OPEN structure, but there are no directions to build it), especially since the target age is so young.
These toys are a classic so I felt inclined to get then, especially since my son gravitates towards building/construction toys. They're made of real wood, which I like, however the roof is plastic. I know in the olden days the roof was wooden and you had to construct it but in this modern version, you just pop the roof on when you're done. I felt like that took a little bit of the fun away.On the first day, my four year old son played with this several times, but thereafter, he hasn't been really interested. I think compared to other building toys like Legos or Tinkertoys, these Lincoln Logs are not as open ended. You're kind of limited to building houses and fences. The little plastic figurines can add more play acting and make believe, but my son wasn't as interested in that.
This Lincoln Log set is almost exactly like the Lincoln Logs I had growing up 30 years ago. It comes with directions of how to build the the Horseshoe Hill station but of course you can be creative and build other things as well. However, this is a pretty small set and would better as an add-on to a larger starter set if you want to get really creative.
"This set is pretty much as portrayed in the photos. At the time of writing this review, the product is at a great price point of 20 dollars (below MSRP). I don't think this set has a sufficient number of logs for kids to get really creative. My main disappointment was with the plastic roof. I very much miss the planked roof, something that Lincoln Logs only offers in a small number of more expensive ""classic"" sets. Competing sets from Maxim, a company I have found to build decent quality toys (though I have not reviewed their log houses specifically), have both the wooden plank roofs and more logs/dollar. I would be very tempted to purchase those sets instead, especially since the reviews appear to be decent."
My daughter's in the development phase where she likes to stack things like blocks and such, so I ordered a set of Lincoln Logs. I never owned any sets when I was young, but I did play with them often at the after-school daycare.This one is a great beginner's set. It comes with enough logs to build varying structures, but obviously it's mean to create an Old West horse station with different modes.My daughter loves to stack, but she loves more to destroy, so I'm the one who usually builds the structures and she knocks them down. Usually.Overall, a great starter set, and a fantastic value at Amazon's $20.
Maybe i'm too nostalgic, but I really wanted my kids to have the same kind of Lincoln logs I had growing up. There were no plastic parts and we had to build the roofs out of support trusses and wood &#34;shingles&#34;. It was not easy, but so rewarding. This set is ok, I have no major complaints, but it doesn't have the same appeal as classic Lincoln logs. My toddler will play with it for a few minutes, but prefers wooden building blocks over the Lincoln logs. His favorite part of this,set is,the little horse and cowboy.
