Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
"This really shouldn't be compared with the classic Monopoly game since all it has in common is the name, the money and the presence of hotels. It's a fairly simple card game: two players take turns playing cards from their hands that allow them to spend money building floors and rooms, collect money in rent, or do various forms of damage to your opponent. It's fast-paced and easy to pick up for young kids with reading and adding ability.A few things I didn't like: some cards tell you on the back what they are (why?), the box is kind of flimsy and the awkward shape can make it hard to stuff the game pieces back in, and with three ""plays"" per turn, turns can take a long time and as some have pointed out, can give a player an insurmountable lead. I think it's a better game with only 2 plays per turn. Overall, we enjoy this game for a quick time-waster."

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.048379670828580856,0.04629243537783623,0.04539753124117851,0.046669937670230865,0.04939472675323486,0.048053812235593796,0.047528013586997986,0.04603016749024391,0.05059918016195297,0.04808467999100685,0.04677193611860275,0.04733967036008835,0.047280680388212204,0.04709133505821228,0.04622139036655426,0.047320153564214706,0.053032368421554565,0.04791155084967613,0.04687737673521042,0.04860524833202362,0.04511812701821327
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
"As a serious hobby gamer of 30+ years, I wasn't expecting a whole lot from Monopoly Hotels, but it was a pleasant surprise. Gameplay is simple but not mindless, with a few interesting decision points. Play cards to build up your hotel and attack your opponent's, until one of you completes five floors with no unpaid bills. The fun comes mainly from putting together clever card combos. The cool plastic building pieces don't hurt, either.Although the game is only for two players, there's no reason you couldn't combine two sets and play with 3 or 4 simply by declaring a target player when playing a card.I recommend a house rule: the ""Destroy and Build"" card is extremely powerful, especially if it gets played toward the end of the game. Simply change it to ""Destroy *or* Build"" and it's still handy but less likely to be game-breaking. Another house rule to consider is that if the starting player wins, the other player gets one last turn to try and complete his hotel. If both hotels are completed, the player with the highest total room value wins.Simple ""take that"" card games tend to overstay their welcome, but Monopoly Hotels is a solid 10-minute filler. I played it with my 7-year-old, and he asked to play again and again until we hit bedtime. I was happy to oblige."
"This game is only for two players so it greatly limits the amount of game play and interactions which is what my family likes about games and as there are usually at least four that want to play games this game loses out when we are making our choices.  If on the other hand you want to play a fast game with one other person this would be a good game for that.  It doesn't have the appeal for repeated game play usually once and done at any given time none of that ""lets play again"" when your done your done."
"My son loves all Monopoly games...Monopoly Hotels for the iPod, traditional Monopoly, Snoopy Monopoly, and when he visits his grandmother, Las Vegas Monopoly.  Therefore, when I saw this available, I thought it would be right up his alley, and he loves the game.  The problem is, I cannot stand it.  Yes, it is a quick game play, and it's great that it is for two people (my husband refuses to play any Monopoly game, and I have an only child, so when it comes to Monopoly, I am his playmate.)  The main issue is with the game cards.  Everyone pretty much knows what you draw because it is printed on both sides of the card.  I understand it needs to be printed on both sides of the card for when it is inserted into the hotel and both players can view the card, but it creates a lot of ""unfair"" feelings, which leads to whining.  For example, my son can see that the next card in the pile is a Rent card for $200, and there are not very many of those, so he will want to re-shuffle the deck because he didn't get any rent cards on his draw.  Granted a lot of that is teaching children how to play fair, and I am strict with the rules of game playing because I want to teach him how to be a good sport, but that is difficult to do with this game.  I can understand his viewpoint.  He plays the game very well and wins most of the time, but like I said I have to put up with a lot of whining, and in the end, it just is not fun for me."
"Monopoly Hotels is a fast, fun variation on the game of Monopoly. The object is to build a five-story hotel and put residents in all the rooms, using cards dealt in an opening hand and then drawn with each turn. Cards let you collect rent, add rooms to your your hotel or wreak havoc on your opponent. Setup is minimal, since pieces are added as the game progresses.I was initially a bit surprised that it's a two person game, but I've appreciated the opportunity to play with my kids individually. Besides, sometimes it's nice to have a two-player game without all those unused ""home"" spaces making you feel like you're missing something. The games are fast, taking us about 10-15 minutes, so it's easy to set up tournament-style play if you're trying to include more people.Play is easy to understand and the cards give you opportunity to be pretty ruthless, so the advantage can shift quickly. The game's designed for quick interludes, not whiling away an afternoon, but if that's what you're looking for it's entertaining."
"Monopoly Hotels comes in an eye-catching box that is shaped like a hotel. I like the unique design, but it doesn't look like it will hold up under the wear and tear of regular use. (In fact, the box I received already had a small tear when I received it.) The game pieces themselves seem durable, and I love that there is a small box included to store the money and game cards when not in use.The rules of the game are fairly simple and would be easy for kids to learn. The object of the game is to finish ""building"" your 5-story hotel before the other player. It doesn't matter how much money you have at the end, but the more money you have throughout the game, the quicker you can afford to complete your hotel. The money comes in two types of bills, 50s and 100s, which makes it easy to pay the bank and make change.Part of building your hotel includes creating themed rooms that kids will like, such as a jungle room or a pirate ship room. It would have been nice if there had been even more different rooms available, just to make it even more fun for kids. Some of the cards you can play against your opponent can really set them back in finishing their hotel. This helps a losing player come from behind, but could upset younger kids that have to rebuild part of their hotel.This isn't a board game like the traditional Monopoly game. However, it's a fun, fast-paced 2-player game that takes about 15 minutes from beginning to end. It's suitable for the whole family including kids, teens, and adults."
If you like a lively game in which you can be aggressive and trump the other players, this can be fun. It's not really like Monopoly, except that it's about hotels.In this game, you build a hotel, floor by floor, add rooms and collect rent, all based on the cards you draw. But like Sorry!, the cards can allow you to take away elements of others player's buildings. This is common in all games. Even The Flying Nun game has some of this (yes, there was a Flying Nun game and I am proud to own a copy).But playing this game with kids, or sensitive people in general, you might risk hurt feelings. If you can play games purely as a competitor and don't personalize the penalties of others, this game is easy to learn, plays much faster than monopoly and has a nice graphic aspect to it.
My family really liked this game as it fun to play and try to build up your hotel.  I liked the change from original monopoly as a good change of pace.  It is still not as fun as original monopoly though.  I also didnt like that it was only a 2 player game.  We did try to make it for more players which was fun for everyone but I would rather play other games most of the time and just play this one every once in awhile for a differnt game.
This is a Monoply spinoff, game focusing on hotels, and its hotels only, and its 2 player, unlike classic Monopoly which can have more players.My  2 newphews enjoyed it, as for me, not as much, as this Monopoly  spinoff game is geared toward younger players.
Monopoly Hotels is the board game version of the popular iPhone application.  The game is a two player competition where each person has to be the first to build a five floor hotel.  The game comes with a deck of cards, money and two hotels that the players must build.  Unlike the phone app, the players are indirect competition with one another and they have to pull out all the tricks to build a five floor hotel come hell or high water.  its a fun game that will take a few minutes to figure out how to play but when you do, you'll have a whole lot of fun.
I played with game with my 5 and 6 year old daughters and was able to teach them the rules fairly easily. It takes a bit of reading so I wouldn't recommend it for children who don't read unless you will be playing with them. The game is only for two players so my wife and I play two teams with our daughters. My daughters love playing the game and have picked up the strategy pretty well. The only negative I have with the game is the packaging. It makes it stand out on a store shelf, but getting all the pieces put back in the strangely shaped packaging and storing it as you bought it is very difficult. Good luck getting your kids to put it away neatly. I would suggest getting a different box to store the game in. Maybe a small shoebox would work. That small negative would not prevent me from recommending this game to others. The fact that it is only for two players limits it's appeal, but it is a fun game that can be played multiple times without becoming dull.
We give it a 3.5. I, who will not give my age, played this with my 14 year old because the 7 year old was not here this weekend. I rated it a 4, she said 3 so . . ., mind you I won.I have read some of the reviews and noticed that this particular game was played with in 10 to 15 minutes - well not in my house.  We laughed so hard and were so vicious at times that it took up to I have no idea how long. (No forever, of course)Its a two player game first of all and you start out with one floor and 5 cards in your hand. On your turn (or any players turn) you pluck two cards from the draw pile, you perform 3 actions and then you are done. (Your 3 actions can be better explained be reading the instruction sheet). At the end of your turn there's something about having 7 cards in your hand or 1-7 cards in your hand yadda, yadda, yadda and then your rival goes? idk. In the interim of the plucking of the 2 cards and the 3 actions so much can transpire. I know I have probably left some info out but this is the jest of the game. (I think) You know, like the fact that you have to be the first to build 5 floors in your hotel with rooms and NO BILLS to win but other than that, consult the instruction sheet.Anyway, it's an okay game. We did not rush through it which caused us to have fun while learning it. Now how we'll feel about it the next time we play it, if she'll play it with me again, idk. I'll try it on the 7 year old boy next time he's here and get his opinion and see if its really a decent game or not.
"I was excited about another monopoly game, but this is nothing like monopoly.  Yes, the packaging was cool, but that was the only cool thing about it.  It's just a bunch or cards and two flimsy ""towers,"" which are just plastic pieces that have slots to slide cards into.  Even my 3 year old got bored playing with the hotel towers, because they don't look anything like hotels and are really just card holders.  The game just doesn't have the tactile enjoyment of the original monopoly with it's big, heavy board and cool little houses and game pieces.  Game play was just OK - nothing really special or interesting.  We played once and didn't even finish the game."
This is a faster paced version of the traditional Monopoly game which can take quite a while and get boring after sometime. While I do like the traditional version, I appreciate something different from Monopoly. The thing I don't like is that with the two hotel bases, a maximum of two players can play at a time. The game itself is sturdy and good quality. It does include a storage pack so you can neatly put away the money and the cards. My kids actually enjoyed the fact that the game is fast paced. So it is fun but a different kind of fun from Monopoly!
My kid loves Monopoly so this seemed like a fun related product to try out.  The games really don't have much in common besides the branding theme.  However, its pretty fun and more importantly, fairly quick to play.  The only real gripe is that some of the cards have information on both sides.  While this may be useful for the way the cards are arranged in the towers, it does create a weird game dynamic where you can see what card your opponent will get next (or several cards ahead if the stack isn't lined up perfect.) For little kids it doesn't matter too much, but its hard to see older kids playing the game due to this one mechanic.
This is a fun take on the world's most popular game. It's easy to learn and a neat concept to boot. I'm still not sold on the replayability though. I'm going to take it to my church's Family Fun night to play against a few people to test out if it keeps holding my interest. Maybe if I develop some new strategies....card goes up the sleeve....heh heh heh....
"This game is for 2 players only, which limits its play BUT also allows for the game to be played quicker.  My first impression was that it looked ""cool"" in its hotel box packaging.  My boys don't play much of the traditional board games, but they thought this game was fun (for a one-time play).  They kind of improvised and made up some of their own rules.  The game is not very sturdy (but it is a board game).  This would make a good gift for someone who enjoys board games but only has one other person to play with."
"This really shouldn't be compared with the classic Monopoly game since all it has in common is the name, the money and the presence of hotels. It's a fairly simple card game: two players take turns playing cards from their hands that allow them to spend money building floors and rooms, collect money in rent, or do various forms of damage to your opponent. It's fast-paced and easy to pick up for young kids with reading and adding ability.A few things I didn't like: some cards tell you on the back what they are (why?), the box is kind of flimsy and the awkward shape can make it hard to stuff the game pieces back in, and with three ""plays"" per turn, turns can take a long time and as some have pointed out, can give a player an insurmountable lead. I think it's a better game with only 2 plays per turn. Overall, we enjoy this game for a quick time-waster."
This is a fun game, but has really nothing to do with the original Monopoly.  This is essentially a card game in which you attempt to finish a five-story hotel before your opponent.  This game encourages aggressive play against your opponent; you are not just trying to win by finishing your hotel, you are trying to prevent the other player from finishing their hotel by damaging their hotel and hampering their efforts.  Reading and understanding the instructions to this game only a takes a few minutes and playtime is fairly short.  Games typically take about twenty minutes or less.  This game really seems to be geared more toward younger players than the original game, as it is quicker to get into and play.  Overall, this is a enjoyable quick game if you don't expect it to have anything to do with the classic Monopoly.
I am a big monopoly fan and really love playing it with my kids.  This is an OK spin off, but really not a great game.  I would prefer original or JR (depending on your partner).  The gimmicky design of game is a bit of a put off as well.
"Like Monopoly but HATE feeling like you have to invest an hour of going around and around and around the board.This game has a ""feel"" of playing monopoly but in a neat quick game play package!When first reading the directions I was like OHH is this going to be confusing?Answer NO!! Just play it through once and it all makes sense and falls into place.I love the idea of building up and adding rooms, sabotaging the other player.I love that it is streamlined and easy, as my title suggests my 5 year old LOVES the game!Of course he can not manage the money part of it but he easily understood every other aspect of the game.I love that Monopoly only gave us $50s and $100s and included a small ""box"" to put all the items in together when ready to be packed up!"
Let me just say this upfront: I hate regular monopoly.  It outstays its welcome, no one ever plays by the real rules, and it's just boring after all these years.I found that the Monopoly Card Game, however, refreshed the whole idea to a degree.  Takes Monopoly, removes pretty much all the negatives, and speeds it up quite a bit.  I don't think I'd seek it out, but I could be convinced to play by others.Monopoly Hotels Game is a bit like the card game version.  Tons of spite - required if you want to win - and tons of luck.  Quite a bit of luck, actually.  Which is why I have to give the game 3 stars.  It fits for a certain audience that isn't that large.So who is this for?  This game is for kids aged 8 to 12, give or take a year or two.  And it's for 2 players only.  I suppose you could buy two copies and try this with four.  That would probably bring it closer to the card game.  The only problem I can see is that you'd have a kingmaker issue.  Anyone targeted with the attack cards would lose.  But that's sometimes okay for a family game.  But this is all just hypothetical - what you get here is a 2 player game.So if you have two ten year olds or an adult with a child this is game to consider.  Don't bother if you have teens or just adults.  In those cases, and you want a Monopoly variant, go for the card game.
