Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
First off - this owl is interesting looking with all of it's shapes, colors, patterns and textures.  My son is mesmerized and he can't get enough of it.  It's made of plywood, with smoothed edges.  The left eye is a ring of wood with a piece of plastic (the drum).  The right eye is a metal cymbal that is screwed into the wood.  The nose is a oval washboard, and the mouth is a rainbow xylophone with five notes.  To play the owl, kids grip two wood handles that look like lollipops.  Ours went into my son's mouth immediately before banging it on the owl.  The owl is at a slant because of three wood platforms screwed into the back.  It makes for a sturdy play/bang area for a seated little one.For looks, I'd give this crazy fun owl five stars.  I actually like the sound of it as well.  It's not super annoying like some kid instruments.  The xylophone tone is pretty, the drum is light, and the cymbal is tolerant.  Basically, I don't mind hearing him play with it.While some have had issues with the construction of this, I have not and I have an older son who is not easy on toys.  I felt he would destruct this with his tossing it around and hitting it - and it held up fine (thank goodness for baby).Why four stars?  I couldn't find any information on products the Alextoys uses for their toys.  Is the paint toxic?  because its going in my child's mouth.  What about the glue?  Is the wood treated?  What about the stain?  I would have liked to know the ingredients and if this toy is eco-friendly.  Yes, I'm already using it, but would have given a higher rating if the information was accessible.Overall, it's a wild looking toy that is attractive to kids.  When my son is done with it, I will take it to my special needs center for a lot of use there.  I like it.  And I would recommend as a gift.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.07513929903507233,0.061671480536460876,0.051950838416814804,0.05825917795300484,0.06612787395715714,0.06684800982475281,0.055806633085012436,0.062113840132951736,0.05590219050645828,0.06711206585168839,0.07229942828416824,0.060603201389312744,0.06426288187503815,0.06301741302013397,0.06240743398666382,0.05647819861769676
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
First off - this owl is interesting looking with all of it's shapes, colors, patterns and textures.  My son is mesmerized and he can't get enough of it.  It's made of plywood, with smoothed edges.  The left eye is a ring of wood with a piece of plastic (the drum).  The right eye is a metal cymbal that is screwed into the wood.  The nose is a oval washboard, and the mouth is a rainbow xylophone with five notes.  To play the owl, kids grip two wood handles that look like lollipops.  Ours went into my son's mouth immediately before banging it on the owl.  The owl is at a slant because of three wood platforms screwed into the back.  It makes for a sturdy play/bang area for a seated little one.For looks, I'd give this crazy fun owl five stars.  I actually like the sound of it as well.  It's not super annoying like some kid instruments.  The xylophone tone is pretty, the drum is light, and the cymbal is tolerant.  Basically, I don't mind hearing him play with it.While some have had issues with the construction of this, I have not and I have an older son who is not easy on toys.  I felt he would destruct this with his tossing it around and hitting it - and it held up fine (thank goodness for baby).Why four stars?  I couldn't find any information on products the Alextoys uses for their toys.  Is the paint toxic?  because its going in my child's mouth.  What about the glue?  Is the wood treated?  What about the stain?  I would have liked to know the ingredients and if this toy is eco-friendly.  Yes, I'm already using it, but would have given a higher rating if the information was accessible.Overall, it's a wild looking toy that is attractive to kids.  When my son is done with it, I will take it to my special needs center for a lot of use there.  I like it.  And I would recommend as a gift.
My 14 month old loves musical toys and this is no exception. She enjoys using all sorts of things to make contact with the cymbal, drum, and xylophone. The problem comes from the two &#34;lollipop&#34; drumsticks which get lost very easily despite the storage holes, which are optimized for play with the toy. Storage is also a hassle as it's odd size makes it difficult to fit neatly on a shelf or in a cubby. All in all, it's okay. I definitely approve of the wooden nature of it, but I wish some of the features had been improved like strings attached to the sticks, and a better size/shape for storing.
The age range for this toy starts at 18 months. I assume it is so high because of the drum sticks. These sticks are where my first issue with this toy lies. My daughter is 19 months old, and I had to take the lollipop shaped drumsticks away from her within the first ten minutes of opening this toy. While she will happily use them to beat on the owl, she will also happily walk away with them and use them to beat on the glass doors of the entertainment center, the fish tank, the window and anything else in her field of terror. This could have easily been remedied by ATTACHING the drumsticks to the toy. A string that would kept them tethered to the owl would have been an easy fix and a huge help. Other than the fact that this toy has weaponized my toddler, it is very cute. The Owl is colorful and eye-catching and fun for her to play with.I&#8217;m unsure about the lifespan of this toy; the drum sticks are not extremely sturdy and other reviewers have complained about the symbol breaking off. This isn&#8217;t a &#8220;do whatever we can to fix it&#8221; kind of toy. It&#8217;s more of an &#8220;Oops it&#8217;s broken, into the garbage it goes&#8221; type of toy.
This is such a cute toy. I love owls and couldn't resist this.The toy is wooden and durable. It has been banged on and tossed around with no signs of wear. Great for a wide range of ages. My 7 year old enjoys it just as much as my 14 month old. The music it produces is pleasant and not what usually comes from toy instruments. Fabulous toy!
For the most part, what you see is what you get with this toy. It has a drum, cymbal, xylophone, and, um, &#34;nobby thing,&#34; along with mallets with which to beat them vigorously. The instruments themselves can get pretty loud, but that's really the point with things like this, isn't it? The toy holds up fairly well to toddler abuse, though the reviewer who mentioned that the cymbal wasn't attached well made a good point (a bit of wood glue fixes this if you want). The toy is large enough to be stable while playing, but not so large a toddler can't move it if needed. We're quite happy with ours and have found the make good gifts for 1 and 2 year-olds.
&#8220;ALEX Toys - Pretend & Play Musical Owl 14970&#8221; is the type toy that young children love &#8211; it is colorful and it makes noise!  The edges of the plywood surface are slightly rounded; they are smooth and without any burring or roughness that might injure a little one&#8217;s delicate skin.  The finish of &#8220;musical&#8221; owl is smooth and evenly applied.  The colorful design is clear and vivid.The &#8220;musical&#8221; features of the &#8220;ALEX Toys - Pretend & Play Musical Owl 14970&#8221; consist of a 5-note xylophone; a washboard surface; a cymbal; and a drum.  While these instruments are good noisemakers, their value as musical instruments is not great.  The lack of a full scale, 8-note xylophone limits this instrument&#8217;s musical value.  The washboard provides more tactile interest for a little one than it does sound.  The drum surface and cymbal create additional sound-producing opportunities.The construction qualities of the musical owl&#8217;s base are not as evident elsewhere.  The cymbal attaches using a very short &#8211; &#8221; long screw &#8211; and might easily be bent or broken.  The lollipop-shaped drumsticks are constructed of two separate pieces.  If this toy is used frequently, it is conceivable that the drumsticks will break apart at the glue joint.  Because of these potential issues, I do not let my little one play with this toy unless there is an adult present.In spite of things I perceive as deficiencies in this toy, the &#8220;ALEX Toys - Pretend & Play Musical Owl 14970&#8221; gets a four-star rating because little ones love it.
Our family really has grown to love Alex toys.  The only assembly here is to screw the cymbal into its base.  The owl is tilted with little legs on the backside, but they feel pretty sturdy.  As far as a musical toy, this owl is very cute, relatively small, and relatively quiet (for a musical toy!  Parents will appreciate that.).  However, there is not much &#34;music&#34; a child can really do on this.  The xylophone is fun just for tings, as well as the cymbal.  The tiny washboard is almost too small to be that entertaining for the youngsters, and the &#34;drum&#34; does not make much noise at all.  Some negatives there, but all in all the little ones do enjoy it which is why the rating is high.
I was initially impressed by the Musical Owl given that the base is all wood. It&#8217;s sturdy and attractive but there is a big issue as far as I&#8217;m concerned; musically it&#8217;s very weak. It&#8217;s nice that it includes a xylophone but there aren&#8217;t too many songs you can play with just 5 notes. Also, you have to hit the key just right to make it chime well. The cymbal also has to be struck just right. I find that striking the side gets a much better sound than striking downward which is the more natural method. The drum is just a thud and the washboard gets boring very quickly. I tried playing some songs on the xylophone to get my daughter interested but as I said five notes aren&#8217;t going to get you very far. As a musical instrument you might do better with a couple of dowels and an empty oatmeal container.Kudos to ALEX toys for using real wood but it&#8217;s unlikely any beautiful music will be produced. If you just want something for a child to bang on besides your furniture I guess you could do worse.
This musical owl is a fun toy for very young children who are just learning to grasp and bang on things.  The sticks are easy to hold for small hands, and there are four choices for making sounds:  a xylophone, a washboard surface, a cymbal, and a drum.  The wooden construction is durable and attractive, and I like that the sounds are not too loud.  For example, the drum makes a quiet thudding sound and isn&#8217;t overly annoying to listen to over and over.However, I would not recommend this toy for older toddlers who are actually starting to learn about &#8220;real&#8221; music.  The xylophone has only 5 notes and can&#8217;t really play any songs.  The washboard isn&#8217;t really much fun for older babies, and the cymbal and drum are also very limited.  So, I would say this is perfect for the under 2 years crowd but not much good after that.  Ironically, the instructions say that this toy shouldn't be used by anyone under 3 years, so be sure to supervise younger children so as to ensure their safety.
I got this for my 18 month old daughter. She loves it. Bangs on it. Carries it around. It over the top pleased by this owl shaped musical toy.My 5 and 6 year old daughters love it too. They rush right over to play with the baby whenever we take the owl out.I love it as well. It's quiet, especially for a musical toy. It makes enough noise to please the kids, without sounding like they're beating on drums next to my head. I also love that it's lightweight enough for my daughter to carry it, while having no sharp edges she could injure herself on.This is definitely one of my favorite toddler toys ever.
Adults and children sure can have different perceptions.  While looking for musical toys, I initially thought sound quality was most important.  Lots of good reviews pointed me in the direction ofHohner Kids Toddler Music Band.  The xylophone in that set does sound nice, and the other musical instruments are cute.  Unfortunately, the pieces are here, there and everywhere.  Worse yet, our grandson just doesn't seem to have much of an interest in any of them.What a difference a colorful owl can make.  Like Elmo, owls hold a strong fascination over our little guy.  He likes making music with this toy, and I like that the owl's instruments are all self-contained.  The only loose parts are the mallets.  Even the simple act of placing them in the owl's wings brings toddler entertainment.  To me, the instruments don't sound as good as the Hohner set, but our grandson could care less about that.  He's more interested in an owl that makes fun noises, not tonal quality.We've been pleased with Alex toys.  Part of their appeal are bright colors and chunky animals, but they also help build dexterity and motor skills.  Our grandson especially likes the Alex stringing toys, but the musical owl is quickly joining ranks.
My 8 month old and my 2 year old loved this cute little owl for about an hour. Then my 2 year old (who is not very destructive at all) tripped over it and broken the cymbal eye off. (The cymbal eye screws into the board. He tripped and it ripped completely out, ruining the threading in the board. It splintered like crazy.) I sanded the eye hole down so it wouldn't have splinters sticking all out, and now they don't want it. Apparently, the cymbal was the favored part. It is wood and metal. The wood isn't so much painted as the new sticker type paint they put on mass produced wooden kid toys. It does not hold up very well. I really wish that cymbal had been attached differently (you have to attach it, by the way) so it would have lasted a bit longer.
The musical toy is ok for smaller kids. My 14 months old plays with it occasionally and 3 year old a bit less. Not their favorite toy, probably because it doesn't make too much noise? I think the xylophone is too small (short) and the eyes are not real thing drum and cymbal. Other kids are not fascinated by it either.My biggest complain to me is that for me, my husband and 3 year old the owl looks rather like a demon. Not sure what psychiatrist would say;) but all we see is two big eyes, huge open mouth (part with xylophones) and two ears with earrings (the wings and drumsticks). Creepy. My 3 year old son looks at it suspicious and when I asked him if the owl is cute he said NO!
I got this for my daughter since she showed interest in the musical instruments at her play group. I love the owl shape and the bright colors which also makes it attractive to a toddler. I also love that there are several instruments on this one toy that compose the parts of the owl's body: cymbal, washboard, xylophone, and drum, which allows the child to experiment with making sounds on different &#34;instruments&#34; and enforces creativity. As a parent, I have to say that I like that the sounds aren't overwhelmingly loud as so many toys are. My daughter really likes it and plays with it a lot.On that note, there are a few flaws that really disappointed me. The main problem is the cheap construction, especially for the price of the toy, I would expect better. The wood it's made of feels incredibly cheap and since my daughter bangs on it so much, the cheap paint has already started to come off and chip after a few weeks! That's definitely something to be careful of if your child is small enough to where he/she puts everything in their mouth. It chipped off so badly on the xylophone that I ended up vaccuuming paint chips off the carpet where she played with it!  Finally, the washboard on it doesn't really make a musical sound, it's just fun for her to touch. Overall, this is a cute toy, but the construction problems on it are about to cause me to throw it away.
My 2-year-old boys loved this toy from the start!  The drum, cymbal, xylophone, and washboard all made fun sounds.  With two drum sticks, both could play at the same time.  It is also very colorful and durable.
Fun toy, but my 2 year old is too old for it. I think 12-18months would be the perfect age range. The noise isn't very loud, but the concept is really cute, so I think younger kids would enjoy it more than my energetic toddler. Seems to be well made and is bright and colorful.I do think it's overpriced for what you get though. I would pay the current Amazon price ($22 at time of review), but not the retail ($35).
