Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
My 3-year-old daughter enjoyed helping me set up the &#8220;boards&#8221; and did well pushing the window and door pieces through the thick cardboard.  She also enjoyed seeing the small pictures of the main characters, but did not enjoy playing the game after the first time.I fear that the small plastic charms are too small for young 3-year olds so close supervision will be needed.  Although young children often enjoy repetition, my daughter did not want to play the game multiple times.  It was a novelty and anything about Sofia is normally a hit with us.  This was a miss.I think a better toy for her would be to build a thick cardboard or plastic Sofia&#8217;s castle.  She really seemed to enjoy that part.  Hiding and seeking the charms just was not fun on a repeated basis.Some children may find the game interesting so I rated it three stars.  It was fun to build it.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.06269537657499313,0.05971279740333557,0.057142116129398346,0.05554991587996483,0.06008148565888405,0.058652620762586594,0.057450395077466965,0.058033186942338943,0.06069276109337807,0.05630212277173996,0.05739447474479675,0.056556668132543564,0.05609947815537453,0.062198951840400696,0.060739915817976,0.06189858913421631,0.058799173682928085
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
My 3-year-old daughter enjoyed helping me set up the &#8220;boards&#8221; and did well pushing the window and door pieces through the thick cardboard.  She also enjoyed seeing the small pictures of the main characters, but did not enjoy playing the game after the first time.I fear that the small plastic charms are too small for young 3-year olds so close supervision will be needed.  Although young children often enjoy repetition, my daughter did not want to play the game multiple times.  It was a novelty and anything about Sofia is normally a hit with us.  This was a miss.I think a better toy for her would be to build a thick cardboard or plastic Sofia&#8217;s castle.  She really seemed to enjoy that part.  Hiding and seeking the charms just was not fun on a repeated basis.Some children may find the game interesting so I rated it three stars.  It was fun to build it.
"First of all, this game requires assembly. The parts must be punched out and put together. It is a two-person game, but the primary role of one of the people is to actually hide the charms. The hider flips over a card which tells them where to hide the charm. Then, the individual playing the princess spins the spinner to see how many windows she can look through (or guesses she can have).She has to find the charm in order to win it and put it on her bracelet.Once all of the charms have been placed, the players can switch spots. This might work for older kids, but for younger children you will likely prefer it as a parent child game, where the parent can do the hiding and have interaction with their own little princess.Sadly because of the nature of the game, it is aimed at little girls, but Dad's will have fun playing with their daughters in hiding the charms and encouraging them, in fact I really do see this as a game that would promote good bonding with Dad and daughter. Of course, Dad just might want to fudge the rules a little for ""his little princess"" to make sure she finds enough charms to keep her happy."
This book's target age market of 3 and plus wouldn't really enjoy this game. It is way to complex and layered to catch their imagination and the play pieces don't overly lend themselves to independent rules and self-directed play along a different path. Older children also wouldn't like this (and didn't) because the game play is pretty unimaginative and too complicated to be fun.I think that most buyers will end up with a somewhat chintzy charm bracelet and a cardboard cutout of the academy instead of a board game when purchasing this item.
My niece is all gaga for Princess Sofia (I blame my sisters) so this seemed like a good gift for her.  I of course have no real idea who Princess Sofia is.  Anyway, it'll amuse your toddler for a little bit, until they find something else to occupy them.That is all.
This game is really cute and clever. First off, there is an extensive amount of assembly the first time you play it. You have a very well-constructed cardboard castle that requires 27 windows to be punched out and installed. The castle looks surprisingly cool once it is assembled. The game is pretty simple. One player plays the hider and the other is Princess Sofia, the seeker.There are 16 action cards. One player picks an action card. This usually means they hide a piece. The other player then spins to determine the number of guesses they get. This goes on for 16 turns. Then, the players swap.The game can get a little long and finding the charms can be a little frustrating. Also, little girls generally find the guessing side much more fun than the hiding side. Therefore, this game is much better played as a game between parent and child as opposed to two children.Also, if you are playing with younger children, I would suggest only adding about half of the windows when you start the game. It will make the guessing easier for your little one and less frustrating. As they get better at the game you can add more windows. They are easy to add, but not so easy to take off once you have placed them. (Another option if you want to make the game easier if you have already placed all of the pieces is to just omit sections of the castle.)With a little tweaking to the rules, this can be a very fun game to play with your little princess.
This game was easy to assemble. The rules were fairly simple. It is a 2 player game and you have to play 2 rounds to complete the game. I played with my nieces. The 5 year old enjoyed the game but the 7 year old did not. I find it odd that this game is recommended for ages 3+. A 3 year old may enjoy this game but they would have to have an older child or adult play with them. I certainly doubt that two 3-year olds could handle playing this game on their own.Overall, this is a cute game that will keep the kids busy for a short time before they lose interest and go on to the next thing.
I would give this game 2 stars but my girls would probably give it 4 stars, so I averaged out at 3 stars.The first time you play this game you have to pop all of the windows into the set. I had to read the directions several times before I understood how the game is played but basically one person is the hider and the other player is the seeker. Each turn, the hider hides one charm or character behind a window and the seeker has between 1-4 chances (depending on what they spin) to find a charm. They go back and forth taking turns until all of the cards are gone in the hiders stack.  Then the seeker counts the charms they found and the players are supposed to switch positions and play again to see who wins (i.e. who found more charms).One problem with this game is that it is very easy to cheat, even unintentionally, because the windows don't cover the holes all of the time or you might see which section of the building the hider is putting the charm. Also the odds of finding a charm are lower than I would hope for a preschool game because there 27 windows and only 8 charms. And the setup is kind of fragile so one accidental knock into it and the whole thing is going to fall over.We modified the game a bit to make it easier and my girls had fun playing their own version of it.
"The set for the game is a cute castle but the set-up and punching out the pieces takes quite a while.One player in the game is the princess and one is the ""hider"" so each time you play, it's really only fun for the child that is the Princess. It's only for 2 players and the children must take turns playing multiple times you they can switch back and forth being the Princess because come on, who really wants to be the hider and not the Princess?The hider hides charms and the Princess tries to find them so she can add them to her charm bracelet. Fun game once or twice but that's about it."
I've got to confess that we're not huge fans of the show--I watched a little of it solely to see (well, hear) Tim Gunn and it isn't part of the little one's usual rotation. But I figured we'd give the game a shot.Opened the box...and spent about 5 minutes punching out windows, then putting the plastic flaps over them. It's not exactly working in a salt mine, but it's not exactly the kind of thing you want to do while your kid is sitting there waiting to play a game. I've got to confess that I put the plastic flap windows on the wrong side of the house, so in my pocket universe Sophia lives on the outside of the castle while the rest of the world is on the inside, sort of like Wonko the Sane in SO LONG AND THANKS FOR ALL THE FISH.Once we started playing, we were both underwhelmed. The gameplay is amazingly flat for a game designed for a toddler/preschooler. Here's how it works:1. You flip over a tile.2. You then hide a charm or a friend behind one of the windows.3. Your kid then spins a wheel, which tells her how many windows to look into4. If she happens to open a window with a charm behind it, she puts the charm on a bracelet5. At the end, you tally her points, then move onto the next kid (or yourself, I guess) and play again. Whoever has the most points wins.Not exactly riveting stuff. We played once, and will probably not play again. I'd like to meet the three-year old who will sit down for ten minutes opening windows and letting you pin charms on her, then wait patiently while someone else plays, then tally up the points. Most adults I know wouldn't sit through that unless they've got money riding on it.
"The Sofia the First Royal Prep Academy game is fairly easy to assemble. What I do like about the actual panels of the ""Academy"" is that they are made of a thick, sturdy cardboard that will hold up quite well. The spinner and tiles are also quite solid. I've seen a few games lately with very thin cards that are simply asking to be bent and/or lost.  Admittedly, the photographs make this game look much more exciting and larger than it is.  It's a fun game, but if you are expecting to see a huge Academy, you won't.  For example, the panel to the front of the academy is just over 9"" high.If you like hide and seek, you won't have to run all over the house now.  Your little princess lover will be hiding charms in the Royal Prep Academy while the Princess Sofia player keeps her eyes closed.  The current Princess will spin the spinner to see how many windows she can open to see if a charm is there.  Once all the tiles are turned over, the game is complete.  Two players take turns being Princess Sofia and after each game the charms on the bracelet are tallied up.  The player who has accumulated the most charms is the winner.WHAT'S IN THE BOX:&#9788;  3 Royal Prep Academy Panels&#9788;  3 Bases&#9788;  27 Windows&#9788;  8 Charms&#9788;  6 Friend Tokens&#9788;  1 Bracelet&#9788;  12 Tiles&#9788;  1 Spinner&#9788;  1 Game Rules ManualPRINCESS SOPHIA:Disney Sofia The First Talking Sofia and Animal FriendsDisney Sofia The First Royal Family GiftsetSofia the First Sofia's Transforming DressPrincess Sofia Surprise Slides Board GameSofia the First Talking Magical AmuletSofia the First Royal ShoesPrincess Sofia Surprise Slides Board GameDisney Sofia The First Princess Sofia DollDisney Sofia The First and Minimus"
There are a seemingly large amount of bad reviews on this product.  However our experience has not been that bad.  Our three year old is a big fan of Sofia the First, so she likes the idea of the character.  She also enjoys the setup and looking for the charms.  That said she doesn't really follow the rules of the game, but does enjoy 'playing' it.  The setup is quite cute, and if you don't mind making up your own rules as you go, you'll probably have some fun.
Disney missed the mark on this Princess Sofia Royal Prep Academy board game.  The biggest downfall of this is the fact that it really isn't very interesting or fun to play!  The idea is kind of like a one sided version of battleship, but the 'tokens' you hide aren't placed on the board all at once, but by direction of a card.  So, one person plays Sofia and the other plays the hider.  Sofia's job is to open windows and find objects for her charm bracelet. The hiders job is to pull a card (each turn) and follow the instructions (ie: hide a token in the window).  When all the cards run out, the players switch roles and after round two, they see who had the most charms on their bracelet.  You can see how that doesn't sound like the most exciting thing on earth, right?  As far as difficulty, this isn't difficult.  It's more frustrating, really, as you have to open windows multiple times because the tokens are placed so slowly onto the game board.  I don't think the fact you have to play this game twice to find one winner works in its benefit, either.Set up is somewhat involved, as you have to push out all the windows (of which there are many) before playing the game for the first time.  The board is a hard cardboard and the pieces are pretty thin plastic.  I have a feeling these pieces aren't terribly durable.I can't recommend this game because I don't see it getting much (if any) use because it just isn't very interesting.  Too bad, as I love the character of Sofia.
The Princess Sofia Royal Prep Academy Board Game gets off to a good start.  The box looks nice enough and the Royal Prep Academy inside, though tedious to construct, looks great when completed.  The bracelet and charms were a big hit with my 3 year old, despite not really having anything to do with the show.  Once we got to the instructions, things went sharply downhill.The instructions are written poorly, perhaps to purposely distract the end user from realizing that there is hardly any point to playing this game.  The basic mechanics are one person (the hider) draws a tile and hides a charm or a character behind a window and the other person (the seeker aka Sofia) flicks a spinner and gets 1 or more chances to peek into a window of the Royal Prep Academy.  Nothing is hidden at the start, so initially your 3 year old will have to get very lucky to find something.  You probably won't make it long enough for their chances at finding something to improve too much.  My 3 year old got bored of the game and we have not revisited the experience.  I would not recommend this game regardless of age or how much your kid likes Sofia the First.  Instead I would recommendFly and Go Seek Game
"First off all, putting this thing together was a pain-lots of little pieces and things to punch out.  By the time we got it together my 4 year old was DYING to try it.  It's weird b/c Sofia isn't actually a player in the game-there is a bracelet that one player wears (that player is ""Sofia"")  but the bracelet isn't an accessory she wears on the show or anything-my daughter kept saying they should've made that piece her iconic necklace instead! Anyway, so as we get playing, the game gets boring very quickly and before we even finished, my 4 year old said she didn't like it! On a positive note, she is now using the backdrop with her little figurines as a town for them to play in-but as far as the game, it wasn't much fun and I'd pass on this one!"
It's true.  My daughter actually did ask me if I could give this no stars.  It's not really a no star item, but I can't go higher than two stars.Basically, you start by setting up what is a really cool looking cut-out of Sophia's palace.  It's pretty easy to set up, though you have to punch out a ton of window holes and then place the windows in the corresponding holes.  Easy as it is, set up took a while.One player is Princess Sophia (not as exciting as it sounds).  She puts on a cheap plastic bracelet.  The other is the hider.  What follows are amazingly complex instructions for a game for the 3 and up set.  The hider pulls a tile from a stack.  Based on the rather obscure symbol on the tile, the hider then hides either a charm or a friend tile behind a window.  Sophia (who will be your daughter because no way she isn't being Sophia!), spins a wheel which tells her how many windows she can open in search of a charm.  If she gets lucky enough to find a charm, she then hangs the charm from her bracelet.  Eventually, you switch, replace the charms behind the windows, and then compare to see who got the most charms.  I've simplified the rules here.  I actually had to read them a few times to understand this much.Now, I should say that my daughter is a Sophia the First fanatic.  She knows every song by heart.  Can recite the dialogue.  Has the stuffies.  Wants the costume for Christmas.  Has an amulet and tiara.  And she hated this game.My daughter's  complaints:*  The game is boring.*  The bracelet feels weird and in the show Sophia wears nothing like this bracelet.*  The charms are hard to hang from the bracelet.*  You can't really tell what most of the charms are.*  There are too many windows.*  There is nothing in the game that actually has Princess Sophia on it.*  The hider doesn't get to be a character so is no fun at all.*  Did she mention it was boring?So no stars from the resident Sophia Fan and Two from her mother.
Anyone with kids between the ages of three and five or so knows that Princess Sofia rules all other forms of entertainment.  This is a great way to peel thoses kiddos' eyeballs off the TV screen for awhile and actually use their imaginations--and educational skills--while still enjoying the Princess Sofia experience.  My three-year-old was ecstatic when she saw this and couldn't wait to play the game with her siblings.  You might as well face it: This is Princess Sofia's world--we just live in it.
First off, it is VERY girly, but not much fun.  If you enjoy putting things together like me, you will enjoy the initial set up of the game (you need to punch out parts, add pieces, construct, etc).  (Yes, I have fun doing this).  But once you get it up and going, the game becomes boring really fast.  You are playing a tiny game of hide and seek, only there is no real challenge to it.  I can see this becoming more of a play set with dolls than an often used game.And yes, we are fans of Sofia and love watching the cartoon!
