Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
The original &#34;Spot It!&#34; was one of our best family game finds of the last 5 years.  We've given it as gifts to several families who've taken it global, winning new converts along the way.  It's simple to learn (with a quick explanation, you'll be playing in 2 minutes) and fun for anyone who can match shapes.  Younger players (under 8) might get lost in the shuffle and speed of an adult-dominated game, but simple modifications can help them feel involved as well.The brilliance of this game is that there are a number of shapes on each card, with each card having EXACTLY ONE matching symbol with every other card.  (How do they do that?!)  All you have to do is find your matching symbol with the card in the middle quicker than anyone else in the game.  Sound easy?  It can be.  Then again, there will be times when you SWEAR there isn't a match on your card.  There is, you're just not seeing it.  (I've actually called &#34;time out&#34; before just so I could satisfy my curiosity because I simply couldn't find my stinkin' match.)Since there is one match between every card, it doesn't matter if you lose a card or two.  It doesn't affect the game at all.  So, no worries, parents of little ones!  You can actually lose game pieces here!  Woo-hoo!  The &#34;party board game&#34; doesn't actually add much to the gameplay over the original tin, so if you're torn between the two, save a few bucks and get the cards-only version.  The upside here is mostly for experienced players:  there are new symbols, which tends to level the playing field a bit for those who aren't experienced Spot It! gamers.Spot It! is true fun for the whole family.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.05240948870778084,0.05249527096748352,0.05201540142297745,0.054819509387016296,0.05495656281709671,0.05265897139906883,0.051173582673072815,0.052682697772979736,0.05463385209441185,0.051996927708387375,0.05282898247241974,0.05268901214003563,0.05210191756486893,0.050566788762807846,0.052878111600875854,0.05088214948773384,0.055325768887996674,0.05212439224123955,0.050760556012392044
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
This is such a fun party game for all ages!  I thought this version would add a little variety and challenge with the different pictures.  It also has different versions of games to play. It does add variety, but my daughter hoped for the original, simple game.  We're still getting used to all the different versions.So, the original would cut it, but Spot It is a fun game for children as well as adults.
There are 6 ways to play the game, according to the directions. We played the first two as soon as we got the box! We took a minute to get used to the flow of the game and then it started going pretty fast. I can imagine its pretty fast if more than 4 people are playing since there are only 55 cards.Kudos to the designers. I can't imagine the work that went into making sure each card had exactly one match on every other card. There were several times my son (who is 4, and had no trouble playing the game) said &#34;I don't have a match&#34; just to see one a moment later.The other styles of game play are a bit more challenging than what we played at first, but the directions are really clear and have lots of pictures for explanation.
My children are five and seven, and LOVE the original Spot It.  It's fun and fast-paced, and we can all play it as a family.  We have tried the party version a few times now, and it really doesn't seem much different from the original other than the card holders and the hand.  I'm not a fan of the hand.  The basic concept of Spot It is still awesome.  This version comes with 55 cards with eight different symbols, and the object is to be the first person to match symbols between the cards.  The party version has a few more variations and options, and maybe it's because my children are on the younger end of the recommended scale, but we prefer the original.  The hand seems a little unnecessary, and we don't use the card holders.  Five stars for the original Spot It, three for the creepy hand version.
In a good way.While I'm not sure that I would ever use Spot It! As a party game, it definitely has found a place in our family, for some less traditional reasons.My favorite way to play this game is to just take our time & keep it mellow & stress free.  That way my kid gets to work on his visual processing & sorting visual information , important traits especially in this timed test world.  It is fun to play against each other & adding the hand figure offers more novelty & also exercises flexibility, a definite plus for my kid, who tends to be rather rigid.  I am going to get another copy to send in to his teacher & speech/language therapist as I think the Kurds can really benefit from these skills.
We are a big gaming family, especially during the holidays with various cousins etc.  We have played Spot it before, when someone else brought it, but we don't own it.  So I was happy to pick this up and bring it to our family holidays.  I still think Spot it is an excellent game, but there is a lot of extraneous crud included in this 'party edition'.Spot it- 5 stars:Spot it is a fun game with simple rules and minimal equipment.  It's really just a tin of cards.  Each card has 8 symbols on it and between any 2 cards in the deck there is a symbol that matches.  You race trying to see the match, and there are a few variations on this basic game.  It's easy to learn yet challenging for any age and we have found it to be a great game for multi-generational gatherings like holidays or family reunions.  It's also good for visual discrimination.Spot it Party - 3 stars:This edition still has Spot it, albeit with different cards/symbols. It also has some variations on the game (they call these 'mini-games'), some are the same and some are new.  Aside from these new variations, which are unnecessary anyway in my opinion, the only addition is card holders and an ugly plastic hand. There is no tin for the cards, just a lot of extra plastic and packaging.  Boo.Bottom Line:Spot it is great, and you can play Spot it with this party edition, but you also get a big box, a lot of plastic, and extra junk that just clutters up the purity of the original game.  Seems like a holiday repackaging money scheme.  Skip it and get the original cards.
I love this game with my eight year old. There are over five ways to play and we will spend an evening just trying the different ways. It is very easy to play you just have to find the like items and call it out it is kind of amazing that every two cards has a match. We have played this game several times and had a blast each time. We have even made up our own ways to play it is also very quick on those times you are busy.
I've played the original Spot It! game before and found it a fun game. It requires focus and quick thinking, and moves quickly. It's a great game to fill a few minutes, perhaps while waiting for people to show up to play a longer game.This expanded &#34;party&#34; version adds a couple of new things compared to the original game. It has an expanded rule book with numerous new variations that you can play to add a new twist to the gameplay. It also has new pieces, including card holders and a &#34;hand mascot&#34; that plays a role in some of the new game variants in this edition.I don't think anyone I played this with really made much use of the plastic card holders. They aren't thick enough to accommodate the stack of cards that you're likely to accumulate during a typical game, and trying to swap cards in and out just takes too long to keep up with the fast-paced nature of this game.The different rule variations, many of which involved the use of the &#34;hand mascot&#34; to award bonus points or mark a leader, did make the game a bit more interesting.If I had to choose between this version and the original, I might choose the original. This version comes in a large box to fit the hand mascot and plastic card holders, while the original came in a small tin that is just large enough for the cards. I think the portable nature of the tin might slightly outweigh the benefits of expanded rules that use the hand mascot. It's a close call though. Both versions are quite fun.
Spot It is a game that relies on quick reflexes and observations, with enough variations that 2 to 8 players can be involved. We are a family of game players, and this one has proven to be quickly played, a good cap to an evening of longer games, but it is entertaining all on its own as well. Kids catch on quickly and can easily stay up with (and often surpass) their adult opponents.The hand is a nice little added touch to the basic game and gives a few more variations. There are directions for eight different ways to play the game; we have tried them all but tend to come back to just a couple of favorites.Given the price of so many games, this is a reasonable addition to your family's game chest.
Our family favorite is the I SPY EAGLE EYE game - but the kids have all 8 boards memorized, so it's a losing battle for the rest of us!  This game, SPOT IT, however is a ton of fun.  Our youngsters are VERY aggressive - so there is the added hand slapping the whole pile along with yelling out the name and HAND when the occasion arises.  My 9 year old daughter could play this all day long.  I have suggested that she bring it in to share with her class.  Logistically, I am not sure how this would work - I think you need a round table equal distance to the center for 8 players - otherwise you won't see the cards as well as your neighbor.  There are five different ways to play this - our two favorites were the one card at a time, try to get the most cards and the hand to give you four more card-points - and then the opposite - where you try to get rid of all of your cards and the annoying hand that can add 4 cards on at the end.  The red holder things that came with the game?  Well, we didn't use these at all.  The game moves VERY fast and can be VERY loud - be warned!  I don't think it has to get physical - the slap fest seems to be our added tradition ;-)
We love Spot It.  It's one of my favorite games to play with the kids, as it doesn't bore me to tears like Sorry or Trouble or Monopoly Junior.  I thought this version would have some additional twists that made it different than the original game, which we already have.  It's the same deck, but includes the accessories.  So if you don't already have Spot It, this is a great choice.  If you do already have Spot It, this will be superfluous.
We entertain frequently and are often looking for fun group games. This is a fun one to add our collection. I like that it is appropriate for a wide span of ages and everyone plays at once.
This is a cute, simple to play game. It's meant to be a party game played by a group so it's not really easily played by just a few. The instructions were simple enough for my young kids to understand (8 and 9), so even though the age range says 10 and up, I think it would be okay for younger kids in a group. There isn't anything particularly different or exciting about it, but it was simple and fun.
I wasn't expecting much when I received this game. I thought, 'Just how much can you vary game play for Spot it?' You know the whole idea is to find the matching symbol on another card...and there always is a matching symbol. So I was pleasantly surprised how much fun my family had when we sat down to test it. Two young adults, & two not-so-young adults...we all had fun. Game play is fast. The not-so-young adults had more trouble finding the matches than the young adults. It's got to be a good thing that this game helps us practice our visual perception, mental processing speed, focus, and fine motor skills.  These skills decline as we get older & it's good to test them regularly.We haven't played all the game versions yet, but played Dynamite, Tower, The Well, The Race & Double Frenzy.  Some games use the Mascot (the Spot it hand), others use the card holders.When playing 'The Well' & 'The Tower', not only are you looking for the match, you are also looking for the Mascot picture on the cards, (playing 'the Well') then give the Mascot (hand) to the player of your choice. You can't win the 'The Well' if you have the Mascot. Now this seems simple, but in the frenzy of trying to find a match, I'd usually forget to look for the Mascot on the cards.~When playing 'The Tower' you're also looking for a match and the Mascot  on a card, but in this game you steal the Mascot when you 'Spot it'. When gameplay ends if you have the Mascot,  4 points are added to your score.~When playing 'Double Frenzy', you try to remember to shout 'Double' & grab the Mascot when you collect 2 cards in a row. If you hold the Mascot at the end, you add 4 points to your score.These games actually don't sound very exciting when you read about them, but we found them fast moving & fun when we played them. Most of the game play is very fast. I think it was 'The Race' that was so fast all of us were having trouble spotting a match. As soon as we'd spot a match, someone else had already changed the card that was in play & we had to start looking all over again. Even the young adults were  having trouble with this one.My family enjoyed playing 'Spot it! Party'.  We found the game variations lively & fun. The young-at-heart players  enjoyed testing their 'mental processing speed,' too.Contents:55 Cards; 8 Cardholders; 1 Hand MascotFor 2-8 players - ages 10 to AdultApproximately 30 minutes gameplay (some of our games were faster)
A perfect game for family gatherings! This game is based on visual acuity so even very young children can play without a disadvantage. (As long as they understand matching, that is.) there are several ways to play, and playing isn't limited to size of the group either.  Everyone needs to be able to see the cards played on the table clearly, that's all.  We didn't bother with the holders or the hand versions since our group included a 2 yr old and a 4 year old.  We simply expanded on the basic game: the dealer places two cards out, face up, the first to find the matching item calls spot it, points it out then gets those two cards.  When all cards have been dealt, the one with the most cards wins.  This made the game fun and fast for everyone, we didn't have to &#34;play down&#34; for the kids, and people could join in or leave the group when they wanted without disrupting play.  Every hand is different and there's always at least one hand that takes some time to find the match.  We all enjoyed it.  After several days of playing, my 2 yr old granddaughter was so fast at it that she became the weekend champion!
I like the original better. It comes in a small box with several fun ways to play. This new version is of course fun, which is why I gave it four stars; but once you own so,many games, it feels like smaller, travel size, fun games are more worth it. While I would recommend this game, I would recommend the original first.
I have a few different decks of the Spot It cards (why is there a Christmas one!!??) My family and my kids' friends really love the game. It is an interesting game: with every two cards...there is ONE matching item. Every single one has just one. So if someones lays down a card with an array of pictures, any card you pick from the deck will have ONE item on it that matches. Very clever.This &#34;party&#34; version offers a few different versions of the game using a little figurine of the hand. It seemed silly to me when I first saw it, but the kids really seemed to like using the Hand-dude. It also came with card holders, but we didn't use them too much.It IS a really fun game and it is surprising who among your group will be good at it. It isn't always who you THINK it will be...I have had kids of all kinds of ages (and even mentally-challenged kids play), and have been surprised at how fast some kids are compared to someone who you may have ~thought~ would beat everyone.
The original &#34;Spot It!&#34; was one of our best family game finds of the last 5 years.  We've given it as gifts to several families who've taken it global, winning new converts along the way.  It's simple to learn (with a quick explanation, you'll be playing in 2 minutes) and fun for anyone who can match shapes.  Younger players (under 8) might get lost in the shuffle and speed of an adult-dominated game, but simple modifications can help them feel involved as well.The brilliance of this game is that there are a number of shapes on each card, with each card having EXACTLY ONE matching symbol with every other card.  (How do they do that?!)  All you have to do is find your matching symbol with the card in the middle quicker than anyone else in the game.  Sound easy?  It can be.  Then again, there will be times when you SWEAR there isn't a match on your card.  There is, you're just not seeing it.  (I've actually called &#34;time out&#34; before just so I could satisfy my curiosity because I simply couldn't find my stinkin' match.)Since there is one match between every card, it doesn't matter if you lose a card or two.  It doesn't affect the game at all.  So, no worries, parents of little ones!  You can actually lose game pieces here!  Woo-hoo!  The &#34;party board game&#34; doesn't actually add much to the gameplay over the original tin, so if you're torn between the two, save a few bucks and get the cards-only version.  The upside here is mostly for experienced players:  there are new symbols, which tends to level the playing field a bit for those who aren't experienced Spot It! gamers.Spot It! is true fun for the whole family.
I'll be honest - I did not expect this game to be very fun, but it was fantastic! Having to snag the hand led to more than one laughable squabble between our children and us, and the fact that there are different games you can play utilizing what comes in the box is definitely a good thing. It's not our favorite game, but it's definitely one we all enjoy playing!
Not a bad game, just not my cup of tea.This is basically a deck of Spot It cards without the can (wish it was included), 4 disc/card holders, a Spot It mascot and instructions.Like normal Spot It, every two cards share one item in common. You can play five versions of Spot It that are basically three versions of the game. You can draw from the stack and add to yours, or deal the stack and add to it, play a silly dynamite version.. that kind of stuff. The holders aren't used in all versions of the game. The mascot gets won in circumstances and influences point scores.Honestly I think the Party version is mostly unnecessary as you can just use the normal game for far less space. It's a fun game but it comes down to &#34;who sees two common items the fastest?&#34; So I'd say it's okay to play 15 minutes or so as an opener to better games.. hence a middle ground rating.
