Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
"This is a great idea. It comes with a little purse (quickly grabbed up), the triangle cards, the square cards, and a ""pixie dust"" timer. The basic idea is to follow directions and collect the cards which are put in four different locations, meaning you have to go from room to room.While young kids can play it with parents, older kids will be able to play it on their own. There is an important aspect of remembering which will help you to collect the cards more quickly (remembering which room they are in).It could be played at home, or in any group setting with multiple rooms where the cards can be placed.My key concern is that over time some of the cards will be lost ... It might have been nice to have a spinner or other item to decide what to do next instead of the cards and wouldn't have impacted the game much at all.What I like about this game is that it is different than the usual board game and it is much more active than the games on my granddaughter's leap pad. Needs 2 or more to play - and grandparents or parents can easily be involved."

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.043907325714826584,0.04405880346894264,0.04303619638085365,0.04335399717092514,0.043298542499542236,0.04383939877152443,0.04396914690732956,0.043846502900123596,0.043395042419433594,0.04360291361808777,0.04332372173666954,0.043596092611551285,0.043354980647563934,0.042906440794467926,0.043604638427495956,0.04333597794175148,0.043492626398801804,0.043448321521282196,0.042742956429719925,0.04337266460061073,0.0437038391828537,0.0433749258518219,0.04343494400382042
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
The game is advertised as for age 3 and up and for 2 to 6 players.  My three-year-old was not very interested in learning the rules and just wanted to play with the cards and chew on the timer!  I would say the game is best for ages 5 and up and I would predict it is more fun for three or more players to play than just two.The good things about the game are as follows:The bag where the pieces are stored is very attractive and seems to be well made.The game offers a mixture of luck, some recognition for matching and memory of the pictures on the cards, and an understanding of the rules.  These things present a fun challenge for older children, but are too complicated for most 3-year-olds.The game is best used indoors and indicates four locations in the house are needed.  We used four locations in our living room but it would be best to have better separation of the cards by using more rooms.  Even though the games is played indoors, it is an active game (and more active when more rooms are used) that uses a timer, so time counts.All in all the game is different, creative, and appealing.  I just think that age 3 is too young to understand the rules and fully enjoy it.
"This is a great idea. It comes with a little purse (quickly grabbed up), the triangle cards, the square cards, and a ""pixie dust"" timer. The basic idea is to follow directions and collect the cards which are put in four different locations, meaning you have to go from room to room.While young kids can play it with parents, older kids will be able to play it on their own. There is an important aspect of remembering which will help you to collect the cards more quickly (remembering which room they are in).It could be played at home, or in any group setting with multiple rooms where the cards can be placed.My key concern is that over time some of the cards will be lost ... It might have been nice to have a spinner or other item to decide what to do next instead of the cards and wouldn't have impacted the game much at all.What I like about this game is that it is different than the usual board game and it is much more active than the games on my granddaughter's leap pad. Needs 2 or more to play - and grandparents or parents can easily be involved."
Unlike a couple of other Disney games I have seen in recent months, this Fly and Go Seek game offers easy game play in an equally attractive package. The twist on hide and go seek is easy to pick up on and smaller players will just love the vinyl bag and the playing colorful playing pieces. In fact, when the game is outgrown, the vinyl bag should still be in good enough condition to serve as a small purse or travel bag.I think a three year old (the youngest age recommended) could enjoy this, but definitely children in the four to eight range. At is price it is a very good value for the entertainment provided.
This is the kind of relatively uncomplicated game that's good for young children.  Of course it's probably more fun if you have a big house and not for instance a cramped apartment.  It's probably only a matter of time before the young children lose the cards and other pieces to the game, but at least it has a handy carrying case.
This is a cute spin on the old Memory game. You have triangular cards that each have 3 pictures on them. You place 6 cards in four different areas. You pull square pieces from the deck and these are the items you want to look for. When you get a seeker card, you have 30 seconds to get triangular cards that match any square cards on the table. The triangular cards are each worth points and at the end of the game, the person with the most triangular cards wins. Because you pick tiles randomly from the bag, the game can be a bit lopsided and some players will get more opportunity to seek than others. We have actually had a couple of games where some players never had an opportunity to seek before the game ended. Because of this, we have kind of modified the rules to make playing a little more balanced. Overall, this is a cute game and is a very clever twist on Memory.
"This is a marvelously creative and fun ""treasure hunt"" for fans of Tinker Bell.  I love how the game can generate excitement and keep youngsters moving along.  There's a lot of luck, but also each player has to do some thinking.  The quality, save for the small square cards, is very good.  The small cards are rather thin and will end up bending easily.  They are of a cardboard material and thinner than a playing card.  The Treasure Triangles, on the other hand, are very solid.The fun, however, definitely outweighs the fun and the creativity of this game.  After the game is done everything can go in Tinker Bell's carrying case.  The case can be taken to another person's house for a sleepover or a party.  No doubt, this game is going to be a hit and gives new meaning to the game hide and seek!&#9788;  1 Vinyl Bag&#9788;  24 Treasure Triangles&#9788;  58 Cards&#9788;  1 Pixie Dust Sand Timer&#9788;  1 Game Rules ManualAges 3+2 to 6 PlayersRULES:1.  Decide on four locations around your house to place Treasure Triangles (for example, the kitchen, bedroom, dining room, entry room).  These are the places you'll ""fly"" to.2.  In each location, place six Treasure Triangles as shown [all the triangle tips facing each other in a circle].  It does not matter which sides are face-up.3.  Everyone sits in a central location.4.  Put all the square cards in the bag.5.  Have the Pixie Dust Sand Timer ready.The player with the next birthday goes first!If a player pulls Moon or Picture cards it just may end up being the next players turn!  If you draw a Fly and Go Seek card you'll be on the move.1.  Take a look at ALL the face-up Picture Cards.  Try to remember the items on them, but leave them where they are (Note:  If there are no face-up Picture Cards then your turn is over because there are no items to see, and now it's the next player's turn.2.  Flip the sand time over and go!3.  Hurry to the Treasure Triangles around your house.  If you see items from face-up Picture Cards on any Treasure Triangles, take those Treasure Triangles with you.4.  When the sand timer runs out, another player should let you know.  Immediately come back with any Treasure Triangles you have collected.5.  Compare the Treasure Triangles you have collected to the face-up Picture Cards.  Place each Treasure Triangle you have collected that matches a Picture Card in your own scoring pile.  Set the matching Picture Cards out of the game.6.  If you collected a Treasure Triangle that does not have a matching face-up Picture Card put the Treasure Triangle back and your next turn is skipped.  Now it is the next player's turn.ENDING THE GAME:When the fourth Moon Card is pulled from the bag and the picture of the full moon is complete, the game is over.  Players count up the Treasure Triangles they have collected.  the player with the most Treasure Triangles wins!"
"Here are some thoughts on Disney's Fly and Go Seek:Pros:-Inexpensive and positively adorable!!-Truly fun for the young ones!-The cutest little carrying case in the world! Take it to grandma's home, the cousins' birthdays parties, even on vacation. It is so small that it takes up virtually no room (it just slides on an arm ... and is so light!)-The attention to detail on the cards is really very charming (so pretty! so enchanting!) I notice some of the children just looking at the illustrations on the cards ... completely entranced.Cons:-None!This is a small, simple game. And, it is so worth the minor investment. I really love that it isn't another ""box on the shelf"" but an attractive little bag that even has a second-life (in case anything happens to the game). Love it!"
This is a souped up version of hide and go seek with a little tinker bell magic fairy dust added to it.  Fun game to help test kids memory and to get them moving around either inside or outside.  We got this for our nearly 4 year old, and it's still quite a bit over her head, so even though it says ages 3 and up, you probably want to be 5+ or so for the best enjoyment.  The storage bag/purse is quite nice and cute as well.
This is a cute little hide and seek and or matching game. You choose how to play. it contains pieces for the game in a beautiful little Tinkerbell designed purse. This makes it portable and easy to take anywhere to play.My 8 year old granddaughter and for your granddaughter really loves playing this game. Great Tinkerbell item to buy as a gift for Tinkerbell lover.
We put this out during our big Thanksgiving get together. We had almost 20 kids under ten. This game was a huge hit.More than just being cute- this is a really fun game. It took just a second to set it up and the kids were able to take it over. We ditched the moon cards so that all the kids got a turn but if you are playing with two kids you will love the moon cards. The rules were easy enough that they didn't come up again once we explained. The timer is adorable. We got fun pictures of kids &#34;flying&#34; around. The kids had so much fun that we got to have actual adult conversation! Also two of my little cousins asked if they could come back and play with us again.My only complaint is that the cards are a little flimsy for the amount of holding and squishing that they need to endure. I ran mine through the laminator to give them a little more protection.
My niece loves playing this Disney Fairies game with her best friend.The zippered vinyl pouch is a nice touch, its holds all the game pieces and it has full color artwork on both sides.This game is for kids 3 and older.
The Fly and Go Seek Game is a creative twist on the usual memory-style matching game.  The game includes 24 triangles with 3 pictures on each and 58 cards of 3 types: Moon x 10, picture x 36, fly and go seek x 12.  Each player picks one card per turn.  The moon cards act as a random timer to end the game when the 4th one is drawn.  The picture cards have a picture on each side so you can choose which picture you'd like to look for later (pictures are mostly flower, birds, insects, fairies and tea paraphernalia).  Drawing a fly and go seek card prompts the player to go find matches for any of the pictures facing up on the cards drawn while an included hourglass ticks down from 30 seconds.You can play with 2 or more players and the game moves very quickly.  Everything is easily stored in the included vinyl bag, which looks nice and seems like it will last.  You use the bag during the game by drawing the cards from it.  Setup is simple - you divide the triangles into four groups of 6 and make a hexagon on the floor (or elsewhere) around your playing area.  Though she is not too familiar with Tinkerbell and company, my 3 year old loves pretending to fly around like a fairy looking for matches.  I would put the age range at roughly 2.5 - 6 years old.  My only complaints are that the cards (not triangles) are a little flimsy and there are too many moon pieces.  The latter is easily remedied by removing some moon pieces so the game isn't likely to end before everyone has had the chance to fly and go seek at least once (which happens a lot if you have 3 or more players).
Fun game with a twist to get the kids running and &#34;flying&#34; around.  You could typically incorporate the twist into your regular game but it's fun to pretend to be tinkerbell.  The pieces seem quite durable and the bag is a great way to store the game and provide more fun.  Perfect for 3-4 year olds, wear them down....
My daughter loves the Disney Fairies, however, I was very reluctant to get this game. There are too many pieces. (24 treasure triangles and 58 cards!) I just knew the pieces were going to end up in a messy pile in the middle of the floor. (Which they did.)  The game instructions are more complex than what I was expecting for a kid's game. (There's the initial set up, card information, and game instructions. The specifics are too much for me to include in this review.) Thankfully, my daughter is happy to just play with the cards, sand timer and bag.2.5 - 3 STARS: This might be a fun game for a party but I don't see it as the sort of game we'd want to play often.
I'm loving this one!!!  It's simple and fun, it's a board game and yet it's ACTIVE (you &#34;fly&#34; about searching for cards).  I also love that it's really creativity boosting as well as there are multiple ways to play the game and you can also create new games with what's inside.  The case is super cute (lunchbox type quality, it's pretty nice) and little girls will likely want to use it for other things as well (so perhaps the Fly and Go Seek game will need to be stored in a box afterall).  I completely recommend this for girls 3 through 10.  (Added bonus: little brothers seem to enjoy playing, too.)
Fly and Go Seek is a fun game for the little ones.  The players draw the cards and then go flying off to find the triangular treasure cards.  A timer is included but the youngest children can play free-style.A handy little Tinkerbell bag makes the cards easy to store.
My daughters just love Timkerbell. They had a blast playing this game. easy for little ones to catch on too .But I think the game was a bit to hard for my little ones to play. They needed more time to complete the activities, then wound up getting bored with it. The only thing they was interested in really is the pictures on the cards. And of coarse who gets the purse.
I'm afraid that this one will not be among our favorite games to play.  While my daughter did enjoy running around the house like a manic fairy, searching for treasures, it was far too easy to misplace the pieces and the moon pieces were found far too quickly, thus ending the game.I will say that the pieces are colorful and sturdy.  While I like that the game is easily portable, I really can't see bringing it to someone else's house with me and sending a bunch of little ones running at top speed through their house trying to find game pieces.It's not a bad game, but it isn't one that we'll revisit any time soon.
This game is great for indoor play.  It makes it necessary to get up off your bottom and find the included treasure triangles. Your also on a timer so you've got to be quick.There are quiet a few pieces, but I make it a point to have everything gathered up when they finish. Hopefully that continued practice will keep all the pieces together in the cute tote that's included.The weather here has changed dramatically and quickly so its cold and rainy out.  Instead of tv we played this as a family and it was actually pretty fun.  My kids 5 and 7 really enjoy this game.  Since they are little older than the recommend age we try to make it more difficult to find the treasures.Engaging their ability to be creative,  active,  as well as test their pattern recognition skills, and memory make this game unlike any other board game we own.
My daughter is 3 1/2 years old, and really enjoys playing games like this.  We already had the classic Candy Land and Chutes and Ladders games.  She loves the Disney Fairy characters, so this is a nice game for her.I highly recommend taking the time to play a game like this with your child occasionally.  It teaches them patience and how to take turns.
Fly and Go Seek is fun for the little ones! It comes with a set of 24 treasure triangles, which are made from heavy duty cardboard that should last a while. It also comes with a set of 58 small square picture cards, including 4 moon cards. The picture cards are not as heavy duty as the triangles and they look like they could bend easily. The game also came with a sand timer, but unfortunately mine was broken. We used a kitchen timer and set it for 1 minute at a time. I have no idea how long the sand timer was supposed to last, but 1 minute seemed about right because we were playing in a small house.The game is very simple, so it's suitable for very young children.The game ends after all four moon cards are drawn from bag, allowing the anticipation to build as they draw their cards. The younger kids (3-6) liked this better than the older ones (8-11) in our family, and I don't think the older ones want to play again.I like the bag that stores all of the game parts. It's small and sturdy, and the zipper stays closed. It's much easier to keep track of it. Once they grow out of the game, the little ones can use the bag for other things.We had fun with this game and the younger kids are happy with it.
My wife was happy that I got this pretty package of fairies (they are cards not actual fairies figurines). She adores Tinkerbell and the fairies - yes somehow fairies have a never grow old effect on adults too... sighs.This essentially is a memory game made pretty and with a nice twist to it. Instead of just a sit down card game, this requires the players to physically go to different parts of the house to seek their 'Treasures'.The game requires the seeker to look at the picture square cards, memorize them and seek the Treasure triangles (with 3 pictures)  out within a time limit of 30 sec according to the Pixie Dust sand-timer.The player with the most Treasure triangles wins the game.I think that this game will be a hit with all young girls ages 3 and up, and its great for parents as this is one game that is easy to play and easy to pack. Only flaw is that the cards are not so durable due to its cardboard type material.
This is a cute cross between hide-and-go-seek and memory games, and is a fun way to promote active play.  Teaches matching, taking turns.  Great for play-dates, family game night, quick activities when kids have extra energy.Would be a great gift for a child or teacher.  Hope they will also come out with a boy version, as not all boys will be willing to play this with its &#34;girly&#34; purse and girl characters.  :)
