Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
Both of my sons love anything with wheels, so these solidly constructed and detailed wooden trucks are sure to be a big hit straight out of the box.  As an added bonus, they come with a couple of monster tires and an axle my older son can use to switch things up by exchanging them with either the front or back tires of either the SUV or truck.  The removable components can also be interchanged with other Motorworks vehicles to continue the fun.  I love toys like this that encourage my son exercise his naturally mechanical mind.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.031061116605997086,0.030288469046354294,0.03137499466538429,0.03254997357726097,0.031525205820798874,0.031005315482616425,0.03092367574572563,0.031936243176460266,0.03082851693034172,0.031015649437904358,0.030993981286883354,0.03086830861866474,0.030824298039078712,0.031033702194690704,0.029866423457860947,0.03335627168416977,0.03133990615606308,0.03022756613790989,0.030942661687731743,0.03129330277442932,0.030370047315955162,0.029852518811821938,0.034258078783750534,0.0310476366430521,0.03224480152130127,0.03106359764933586,0.032226718962192535,0.030951814725995064,0.031206125393509865,0.030802134424448013,0.030382590368390083,0.032338328659534454
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
Our four year-old likes these, he just wishes there was a bit more too them. I know they sell more pieces to further enhance this starter pack, but I wish there were enough &#34;bonus&#34; pieces to modify both cars at once. But our four year-old seems content enough.
"These wooden toy cars must be a new phase in toys.  I have seen the Automoblox cars out for a few years now, and now there's a new company making them.  Each version seems to win a parent's approval award, but I don't see them in stores.  Perhaps these are boutique-toys?  Do they stack up?  Read the review.Unboxing:There are two Motoworks trucks in a clear plastic box measuring 9.5 x 5.5 x 3"".  There is a cardboard base holding both trucks, a pair of monster truck wheels and a widget for attaching them to the trucks themselves.  Included also is a useless instruction sheet--you have to figure out how to put the monster truck wheels yourself, and there are two plastic what-looks-to-be tailpipes or headlight attachments included.  These are not discussed in the instructions.Review:The trucks themselves are about the same size as the Automoblox.  Their wheels are interchangeable, but the plastic pieces are not.  On the Motoworks versions, you separate the wooden body from the plastic frame.  The frame is what attaches the wheels and the body attachments (not included, but depicted in the pictures on the box).  The wooden body also has the attachment points for the windshields.  You can't really mix and match parts on the Motoworks trucks--only their tires can be traded.  Unlike the Automoblox versions, where pretty much all parts are interchangeable: windshields, tires, wheels, body paneling, etc.Overall:Motoworks isn't a bad imitation of Automoblox.  They are much cheaper, and the playability is about the same.  However, the customization is not great.  I would much rather pay a little more for a version of the toy that can pretty much change every part of the car/truck.  But bottom line is, if you're looking for a wooden car, and price is an issue, get these.  Or if price is really an issue, don't get wooden cars--you can get metal ones much cheaper.  I recommend this toy 50/50."
Having all girls I like to push cars on them every once and while because I think its good for them.  We have a number of wooden cars that are similar to these and I was pleased to add them to the mix.  The are really well constructed and the girls like pushing them around and changing the wheels and windshields out.
There is no motor in this toy. the namer is a bit deceptive. It is a simple wood & plastic toy car. The wheels and bit come off for some creative swapping and rebuilding. The small parts make this not a good toy for small kids, especially if they are prone to putting things in their mouths. The wood looks nice and these cars look nice just sitting on a shelf for decoration along with some books or other toys.  I'd have made the wheel switching minus the small yellow connection bits. These should be part of the wheels and eliminate one more thing that could be lost. If the connector bits are lost the wheels can not go on the car. A careful kid who likes to tinker would enjoy this set.
This set reminds me of toys we had as kids, but with a modern twist. They are solid wood, but have bright colored plastic trim. The trim is interchangeable and so are the tires. The younger kids play with them like they are, but those approaching 4 or older than 4 like to customize their trucks. These trucks roll well and go a long way when pushed. They are solid enough to be stomped on or thrown without damage, and if they are wrecked they remain unchanged. They would be even better if added to other sets, my understanding is that all vehicles under this brand have interchangeable parts.
For a child with mechanical abilities they will love this...the trucks move freely and the parts are big enough for tiny hands to play with and no worries of losing
For a guy who grew up with Matchbox and Hot Wheels cars, it's amazing how toy cars have changed. These are a nice mix of old and new. The wooden bodies are a nod to the old days while the plastic parts give it a modern feel. It's a good thing that you get a multi-pack because without the different cars, it's not as fun. Being able to mix and match gives kids lots of options as long as you have enough cars to mix and match. The only negative that I see is the price; $30 for two cars is a little on the high side.
This UK made toy will provide lots of fun for the child who is intrigued with those large wheeled vehicles. The beech wood truck body has no sharp edges and minimal decoration. The light green and light orange hoods and bumpers are the only colors on the two trucks. The removable chassis fits over another chassis with the large bumped up wheels. There are other accessories sold separately. The trucks are well-made and ready for the creative child to zoom into play time.
This is a fun toy, and my four year old likes it quite a lot. although it is a bit hard for him to remove parts, and not all of the parts are not interchangeable - you cannot put orange top on the truck, for example, because of the truck's shape. The vehicles are a good size for him to hold and the wood is nice and smooth. They roll well.They are less versatile then Automoblox cars, but my son likes both of the sets the same.
I really don't get these and why they should cost so much. I have seen some very cool wooden car toy systems that look very similar, and those seem both better made and more flexible than these.The two cars come with a set of big wheels that sort of turn a car into a fat-tire funny-car dragster, but honestly the result just seems silly.Overall surprisingly limited play options for what you're paying here.Definitely just OK at best.G.
"The durable pick-up truck and SUV in this ""Motorworks TPP Sport Truck Power Pack""are so much fun for children over 3.  Little hands can change the beach wood vehicles with new chaises, tires, toppers.  The wood is simply beautiful and no splinters will ever hurt the hand of the child that plays with these.  Also the sturdy plastic orange and green toppers are interchangeable and attractive.  The tires are black with different sizes.  I know just the little boy that will go bonkers for these!!!!Really well made product."
My nephew is a car nut, so I was hoping he would just love this toy. Motorworks Tpp Sport Truck Power Pack is a great addition to any child's car collection. It's really fun to customize the cars and move the tires around. There aren't many different parts so it would be more fun once you add more kits to the mix, but it's a great starter pack for Motorworks. This is a fun, safe toy for any car lover!
Along the same lines as Automoblox, this is another great Manhattan Toy product. Great quality and easy to play with - customizable cars are always a hit. A big step up from Matchbox, these trucks will be a keepsake toy. Colors look great and it was a big hit with the 7 yr old that I tested it on!
I think the price is a little high for this item, but I do like that the cars are made (mostly) of wood. My son seems to really enjoy them, but he likes anything that is a vehicle right now. Since getting these cars, he has gotten a bunch of Hot Wheels, and he seems to prefer the smaller cars now.
Motorworks vehicle pack has proven to be a hit with my late 3yo. However, they were not the frontrunner in the mix-n-match wooden vehicle field, that, I believe, goes to Automoblox, which we also have and love.That said, I found this set to be comparable in sturdiness though perhaps not in price. Automoblox of the same size run a touch less expensive and are more mix-n-match.Overall, thought these were a nice alternative for those looking for  variety in choice.
The Motorworks Two Vehicle Pack gives you two toy cars and a lift kit for one axle. The cars (actually, one pick-up truck and one SUV) are well-built and durable, so I have no complaints about them. But all you can do with the monster truck wheels and axle is lift one end of one of the toy cars in the box, which looks silly to me. To make this a useful toy, either ditch the extra wheels and axle, or buy an add-on such as:Motorworks Monster Wheels 1.0 Accessory KitAt least with this kit you can lift both ends of one of the cars.
The idea is great, and the price point is good as compared to others on the market and the execution is superb.  That said these toys didn't capture the imagination of my 5 or 3yr olds.  They played for about 30min and the bodies/wheels have been regelated to the car bag and used for crashing into each other.  I like the look and feel and having two in a pack was great, but the lack of included accessories and the fact that parts didn't easily interchange between the two cars in the set hurt the fun factor for my kids.
"[Good]Quality: It's pretty easy to see that these are solid toys that have a lot of quality compared to the more mainstream toy cars.Customizable: You can interchange various car parts like the wheels. You can buy separate accessories for more variety.Safe: Due to the high quality of the toys and the materials, you won't have to worry about your children ingesting chipped paint.[Bad]Old Fashioned: There's only so much you can do with a toy car, compared to all of the video games and ""smart"" toys out there. From experience, 3-4 year old children with limited exposure to 21st century toys will have a better chance at having continual fun with these cars. However older children and children with a lot of exposure to electronic toys will find little interest in these wooden toys beyond five minutes. In short, these toys are from grandpa and grandma's time.Limited Playsets: What makes Hotwheels and Matchbox cars fun even for today's kids? It's not just the cars themselves, it's the cars paired with dozens of different play sets like garages and racing ramps that make playing with cars fun. Unfortunately, the Motorworks toy line only has two play sets: a small parking garage, and an even smaller lift station. This is the main reason that older kids will lose interest in these toys.[Verdict]This is a decent toy for three year olds."
These cars are similar to Automoblox toys. They're wooden and interchangeable with plastic pieces that fit on top of the car and truck. They're very sturdy and will definitely last a long time, which is great if you have kids who are going to use them a lot. However, I do agree that they are a bit pricey and my kids lost interest in them quickly.
The Motorworks TPP Sport Truck Power Pack 1.0 2 vehicle pack is pretty nice overall. The vehicles themselves are comprised mostly of solid wood, although the canopy/cabin and undercarriage that the wheels attach to are plastic. They assemble top-to-bottom (vertically) and keep together during playtime. I like the wood feel, but the biggest issue here is that the wood and colors give the appearance of a toy for a young child, yet the small &#34;pin&#34; pieces ensure that you can't just hand this over to younger children to play with (the stated age range is good...this was perfect for my 3 year-old, but I couldn't leave them around for my almost 2 year-old twins to get a hold of). More customization options would be nice, but that would probably only drive the age range up even further. As it is, the Motorworks trucks are great for three year olds (but make sure younger children don't get them). I suspect 4 and maybe 5 year-olds might be game as well, but older children might not be as enthusiastic.
The Motorworks TPP Sport Truck Power Pack 1.0 is a fun and sturdy wooden toy for your young one. They will have lots of fun taking the cars apart and mixing and matching the pieces to form new designs.The wooden body is well made but the wheels and top pieces sometimes are hard for little fingers to push into place and sometimes hard to figure out the placement of the hole alignments. They roll really smooth though and that's pretty fun.However, not fun enough to warrant $30. Holy smokes, that's waaaaaay over priced.  That's a 20 pack Hot Wheels over priced.Hot Wheels 20 Car Gift Pack &#8211; Styles May VaryNot really recommended for $30.  Maybe if they sold the toys for $5, then yes - but I balk at $30.
With a three-year-old girl and a six-year old boy in the house, it's pretty much required that any one gift must be shareable between them.  This Motorworks set fit the bill perfectly.  For five minutes.The set includes a car body, a truck body, and a weird contraption to accommodate larger wheels. Don't let the word &#34;motor&#34; fool you -- these are good old fashioned wooden cars.  The wheels are made of a rubbery material that rolls perfectly on flat floors, so the cars can be pushed straight to a child on the opposite room.About that contraption: it took me five minutes to figure out how it works (there are no instructions).  It basically elevates the vehicle so it can handle the larger wheels.  This has absolutely no effect, other than to look cooler.  Not really -- it looks goofy actually.  The cars still drive straight even with the bigger wheels.You can switch the wheels around.  You can switch the tops around.  The bottoms are different colors (green and orange) so you can switch those too. Annd that's about it.After going through every iteration with each car, my kids gave up on it.  Lasted one day of play, or a couple of hours.  That's not a lot of play for 30 bucks.
Both of my sons love anything with wheels, so these solidly constructed and detailed wooden trucks are sure to be a big hit straight out of the box.  As an added bonus, they come with a couple of monster tires and an axle my older son can use to switch things up by exchanging them with either the front or back tires of either the SUV or truck.  The removable components can also be interchanged with other Motorworks vehicles to continue the fun.  I love toys like this that encourage my son exercise his naturally mechanical mind.
These are OK. My son enjoyed playing with them, but they are very simplistic and don't offer much in the way of longevity. The swappable parts are an attempt to give them longer life, but they don't really add much. As such, they seem better for younger kids than older kids, but the small parts make it inappropriate for the age range to which they seem to appeal most.
Edited to add, my apologies, apparently Amazon is removing the customer images from some pages, and not having the ability to upload buyer images on quite a few product pages. I hope my description of how to find the two extra parts of the toy will help, I tried to explain it as well as I couldWell made toy, it rolls very well. The wood is very smooth. Younger children will require some help snapping some of the pieces into the truck/car bodies. However the packaging is basically a nightmare. I strongly suggest that the parent(s) or gift giver(s) carefully remove the wires holding the toy parts prior to giving this toy to children. To remove the car/truck bodies from the cardboard display under them involves unwinding some rather difficult to reach wires, that truthfully, were not easy to unwind without tearing up the display, even once I was able to reach them, but would also be impossible for children in the target age group to remove by themselves.  One of the reasons I feel it is important to remove the wires prior to gift giving, is it would be very easy to miss two of the small parts, that are not even pictured on the package. There are two headlight/taillight/exhaust pipe pieces that were actually strung onto the retaining wires, and I first thought that they were just stray pieces of plastic that were in the box. None of the product pictures on Amazon or the box show these two small parts, but once I figured out what they were, it was easy to figure out how these parts fit on both the front and back bumpers of the car/truck bodies.I have uploaded a picture showing the two extra pieces snapped into the car and truck bodies. I am not even close to being a professional photographer, but you should be able to see what the pieces look like when connected to the toys.
The overall quality of this set is good, but there just isn't enough to it.  There's no fun of customizing, because there are about 4 configurations total, and they're all very close.  You can basically alternate the color of the bottom rim and the pattern on the wheels.  - So, orange or green trim + wheel 1 or wheel 2.  4 total configurations.  But at a glance, all the configurations look the same, so there's very little point to it.These would be nice pieces to add to a much larger set of options.As far as toy cars, they're nice, but the idea that anything is being customized or interchanged is just lost in the complete lack of variety.
It was a challenge getting the vehicles and parts out of the packaging.  It may have been me, but I could not find a way to do it without destroying the cardboard to get to the wires holding the vehicles.  I really couldn't find information about the vehicles until I got under the parts in the middle section.  Even then, it was a small piece of paper with the same information in 4 languages, so not much.  That paper did say the accessories are interchangeable between sets, but no mention of what those might be.  There was no included brochure on what they have to offer.  There were some small pieces, that seem to line up with some holes on each end that I believe are needed for those accessories, but I have no idea how or why.  They are definitely choking hazards (keep away from younger siblings) and will probably get lost.They are wood and plastic.  They roll well, but that's all they do.  The top does pull off the bottom so you can change the back wheels, but then you put them back together and once again, they roll.  It isn't always easy to get them back together by aligning the pieces and a young child will have trouble doing it themselves.  You do have to pull them apart to find the Made in China.
Wow- these are $30?  I love that they are mostly wooden (not at all a fan of plastic toys - the body of these vehicles are wood - the accessories are plastic), but they are kind of boring - interchangeable, but they don't come with many parts, so you need to buy additional vehicles (pricey!).  If they were $15, I'd say they are pretty cool.  For $30, I think they are way overpriced.
We have been fans of Manhattan toys and these two vehicles were very exciting to my 5 year old.  He liked assembling them but after the parts were added they just sat on his shelf with little play.  I think the car and truck are good quality products but unfortunately in our house they are just room decorations.
"The cars are four inches long with sturdy wooden bodies and interchangeable plastic tops and wheels. The small plastic bumpers come off readily and could be choking hazards for the very young. Motorworks cars roll smoothly on a bare surface and especially well on an incline. Getting these things disengaged and out of the box was quite a challenge for a big person and an impossible dream for a little person.My test kid quickly grew tired of playing with the cars which have limited playability and configuration possibilities with the included parts. My inner kid likes the smooth wooden bodies of these Chinese made cars, but found the tiny, hidden sheet of directions (in four languages) almost laughable.After the unveiling and test play, I couldn't help but think. ""Is that all there is?""NOTE - Added accessories are sold separately."
This is the kind of toy I love for my kids.  You get two trucks with wooden bodies, with wheels and cabs you can take off and on and exchange.  You also get extra monster wheels (one set of two) and a axle to use with those big wheels.  The instructions were pretty minimal (and in such tiny letters that they must be aimed at younger parents with great eyes!) but these were very easy to figure out.  Everything snaps apart without tools---it takes a little prying at the right place, but I'm sure kids about 6 or up would figure it out without a bit of trouble.  The trucks move FAST!  You can tell they are well designed and balanced, as they race across the floor much better than most toy cars or trucks.  And they just look nice---like classic toys that wouldn't get thrown away after a few uses.However, I think the price is a little out of line.  I got these free to review, but I was considering buying more to interchange---but $30 for two fairly small (4 inches long, about 2 inches tall) trucks and a extra set of wheels?  Yes, they are nice, but not really $30 nice.  I think the price would affect the fun in this case, because a lot of the fun would be interchanging parts, and if you can only afford two trucks, there's just not that much to interchange.  Maybe these are aimed more at an adult collector type market, but I don't think so---they are good kid toys.  And maybe they would be worth it to a child.  I think back on what I paid over the years for Brio and Thomas style engines, and wow---I paid a lot.  Quality is expensive.  But I think just a little too expensive, here!
I liked the quality of the toy as did my daughter-in-law, but that didn't mean much to my 5 and 8-year-old grandsons, who were soon bored with it.  The younger one, however, was definitely interested in keeping the vehicles for his car collection.This is a very small set with not many choices for change.  I think it would be best for 3-year-olds who are not ready for video games and other more complicated toys.  The smooth easy way the vehicles roll is a real plus for the little ones who get frustrated so easily.  And since they do tend to throw things around, they should stand up better to rough treatment than some of those all plastic toys that are all too prevalent.I thought it was odd that there was no brochure showing what other parts they have to offer.  Most toymakers jump to show you what else you can buy.  And the box itself isn't very informative as to what you can do with the toy or what else is available.  Also, it was quite a hassle getting the cars and accessories out of the box.  I give thumbs up for the quality, and I hope my younger grandson keeps the vehicles in his collection for a long long time.  Good quality wooden toys come and go.  Who knows when they will go and not come back.
