Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
Most strategic games are tricky with my family (ages 9 to I'm not telling). My kids are 6 years apart and one of my children struggles with games that have a lot of rules. The other gets frustrated when the same person wins over and over. This game is a keeper because it is interesting, it is a strategy game, but at the same time EVERYONE has one at least once. It is easy to pick up (not too many rules and the rules have examples given with pictures as well as words - great for our visual learner).Time to learn: we were playing within 5 minutes. The instructions are to the point, not too many, and have pictures to illustrate.Time to play: I noticed a marked increase in the amount of time it takes to play since everyone &#34;got&#34; the strategy component. I would say around 15 minutes per round.Variations: there are included variations to keep the game interesting.Quality: plenty of pieces, included baggies, slot for cards so they are not sliding around. Board itself was bigger than expected.Bottom line: I am really pleased with this game. It does not take too much time to play, is interesting but not too hard. We can talk while playing. The only downside is it is bulky (not great for traveling with it unless you remove the pieces).

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.04744618013501167,0.04941042512655258,0.046131692826747894,0.04776569455862045,0.048159174621105194,0.04821179062128067,0.047757815569639206,0.05064622685313225,0.045603375881910324,0.056940749287605286,0.05264660716056824,0.04792129248380661,0.056523874402046204,0.05335118621587753,0.04833739995956421,0.05552248656749725,0.04812174662947655,0.04731344059109688,0.05129758641123772,0.0508912168443203
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
The rules for this game are simple to learn.  Most people will like that.  There is an attack element as you not only place your pegs but can remove your opponents' as well.  Some people will like that and others (particularly those at the lower end of the age range) might find it frustrating.I&#8217;ve played the game several times and I have to say I&#8217;m just not wild about it.  It isn&#8217;t bad, but we have a ton of games and I don&#8217;t see this one making it into heavy rotation.  The board is a bit bland.  It feels as though you constantly have to hunt down the values from your hand on the board.  All the numbers are plain white and I don&#8217;t see why, since it includes the cards, it had to be made to work with a standard deck.  Something a little more visually interesting might have been a plus.  It also has a page of optional rules which to me makes the game feel unfinished, as though the designers hadn&#8217;t figured out if any of those changes would improve the game or not.
It is a very easy game to learn and play where the cards you draw determine which spots you can place your markers on in order to make a line any which way across the board. Players can also remove other players markers with special combinations of cards. My wife and I bored of it after playing it a few times.
This is a fun and creative game that is somewhat similar to Sequence. You're trying to get across the board. It can be played with 2-4 players but is more fun at the higher end of that scale. Our family had a very nice time playing it, but it is not bad to add in a few house rules. For instance, adding diagonals can help the play go along a little faster. It was a fun game and we enjoyed. One thing I liked was that it came with small individual bags for the pieces,which I thought was a step above when so many of the games where all the pieces are just everywhere and then you lose them. Game was overall fine in durability (a little thin with the playing cards but not a big deal if you take care of them).
This game combines playing cards with a board.In the box, you get: instructions (with game variations), game board, four sets of game pieces (green, blue, yellow, and purple), and a deck of cards.To play, you are dealt a set of five cards. On your turn, you discard cards and move your pieces according to the cards you choose to play. The cards determine your moves on the game board. For example, a pair of cards allows you to place two of your pieces anywhere on the game board. The object is to create a line (or path) of your game pieces from one side of the board to the other side of the board.This is a good game for tweens and their parents. I'd recommend for grades four and up.
This is a great family game for families with kids ages 8 and up.  Its a game where kids and adults can enjoy together, and play quickly.  Yes this game is not going to take forever, its more like a 15 minute game.  I thought it would be playable longer, but its still fun and the game includes various forms of game play.  I love that it is a card-game board game as it combines my two favorites.  I love that it includes variations for gameplay to mix it up.  I'd recommend this for any family looking for a new quick game.
Coincidentally, I played both this game and Sequence for the first time this past week.  I was surprised how similar they are.  Personally, I prefer Sequence, as it is a bit more straighforward and cut-and-dried.  We found some ambiguities as we played Crossways that didn't quite seem to make sense.As with Sequence, this game consists of a game board with cards of the deck represented and a double deck of cards.  As you play cards from your hand, you put your pieces on the corresponding card spaces on the board.  The object of this game, however, is to make a path from one side of the board to the other.  Your path need not be straight, but there can be no diagonals.If you put down just one card, you must match it to a corresponding card on the board (only black and red are distinguished; spades and clubs are not distinguished nor are hearts and diamonds).  Unlike Sequence, however, there is the possibility of putting down two or more cards/pieces at a time if you have two or more matching cards.  For example, if you have three 4s, you would put down three of your pieces on the board, either together or separately.  In this case, you need not follow the cards - you may place your pieces anywhere you'd like.  In order to play on a white space, you must have at least two pieces.  Other spaces can have two or more pieces.  Also unlike Sequence, two or more players can occupy the same space (and such space counts for all players' lines), but once one player has two of his/her pieces on any space, that space no longer counts for any other player).Like Sequence, there are ways to remove your opponents' pieces.  However, in this game it is a lot easier and more common.  Any run of two or more consecutive cards of the same suit allow a player to remove that many of his/her opponents' pieces, again, either individually or in groups from the same space.  Because it is relatively common to get runs, this can make for an &#34;attack&#34; game in which players spend as much time removing their opponents as they do placing their own pieces.  In this case, the game may go on for quite a long time.  Other games tended to end very quickly.Both this game and Sequence depend a lot on the luck of what cards you get.  Sequence, however, seems to have more of a challenge of keeping all your available options in mind because it is so dependent on what cards you have.  Because Crossways, however, allows for placing and removing multiple pieces without following the cards, paying attention to the placement of the cards on the board is not as important.  In this game it seems like luck - especially the luck of getting matches and runs - is more important than in Sequence.I played this game and Sequence with multiple family members during a family reunion this weekend and we all preferred Sequence.  Crossways offers some interesting variation, but overall the variation doesn't really add to the game.  There are additional variations listed on the back of the Crossways instruction page which may be worth checking out, but the variations that seemed good to us were those that made it more like Sequence.  Both games are good, but if I had to chose, I'd take Sequence.
This is a good strategy game that isn't too complicated for kids to play.  Even my 4-year-old daughter enjoys playing, though she doesn't fully understand all the rules.  I would say that this game is perfect for kids who have outgrown simple games like Candyland, Hungry Hungry Hippos, and Operation but still are too young for Risk or Chess or other more complicated games.  The 6-10 year age range is perfect for this game.
This game has positives and negatives.  On the positive side it is super easy to learn and play and takes very little time to complete a game.  Basically you get dealt 5 cards and on your turn can either use one card to place a piece on it's matching space on the board, use doubles to put two pieces anywhere (or two pieces on a white space), use a run (say 4,5 of the same suite) to remove other players pieces, all with the goal to be the first person to make a line across the board.  You replenish your cards at the end of each turn.The negative is also that it is super easy to play, perhaps too easy.  There is hardly any challenge and most of our games took less than 10 minutes and seemed more dependent on luck/cards than strategy.  The good news is that you can make the rules slightly more challenging by not allowing doubles to go anywhere but white.Overall, if you are short on time or need a simple game that many age levels can play together, then this game certainly fits the bill.  If you prefer games that involve some challenge to play, then skip this one.
This was easy to learn and proved to involve both luck and strategy, a good mix when playing with kids and adults. It is fast so can work as a good &#34;filler&#34; at the end (or beginning) of a full night of more serious games.A couple of nice features: CrossWays uses standard card decks, so the cards provided can be replaced if they start to wear out. There are also a lot of alternative rules suggested, a good way to add some complexity and variety if the game is played often.Played with just two people, this goes quickly and allows room for a little strategy. With three or four, the board becomes more complex and luck probably plays an even more important part.Finally, this is probably best played when everyone good-naturedly takes advantage of the aggressive rules (using runs to remove another player's pieces for example). Play it &#34;nice&#34; and it would probably be a little dull, but the game seems not to have caused a lot of loser anguish here, so go for some gentle aggression and enjoy.
Most strategic games are tricky with my family (ages 9 to I'm not telling). My kids are 6 years apart and one of my children struggles with games that have a lot of rules. The other gets frustrated when the same person wins over and over. This game is a keeper because it is interesting, it is a strategy game, but at the same time EVERYONE has one at least once. It is easy to pick up (not too many rules and the rules have examples given with pictures as well as words - great for our visual learner).Time to learn: we were playing within 5 minutes. The instructions are to the point, not too many, and have pictures to illustrate.Time to play: I noticed a marked increase in the amount of time it takes to play since everyone &#34;got&#34; the strategy component. I would say around 15 minutes per round.Variations: there are included variations to keep the game interesting.Quality: plenty of pieces, included baggies, slot for cards so they are not sliding around. Board itself was bigger than expected.Bottom line: I am really pleased with this game. It does not take too much time to play, is interesting but not too hard. We can talk while playing. The only downside is it is bulky (not great for traveling with it unless you remove the pieces).
This simple strategy game was easy to learn.  Most of my family, including my 9-year-old daughter, enjoys it.  My 5-year-old son can play it, and even won our very first game, but he has not wanted to play again.  He got upset when other players removed his pieces from the board during game play.  While this game involves a fair amount of strategy, it also involves a lot of luck as well.  This is a game that kids and adults can win in equal measure.Game play involves placing your pieces across the game board, trying to create an unbroken path from one side of the board to the opposite side.  The moves are determined by standard playing cards, played from a hand of five cards.  Each turn you can play one or two of your pieces, block opponents' paths, or remove opponents' pieces.  This game is for 2-4 people.  It works fine with 2 players and often passes quickly, but it perhaps works best with 3 or 4 players, allowing more strategy to come into play.My only real complaint is the somewhat flimsy cards--they are difficult to shuffle and probably will not hold up that well.  The board and playing pieces are solid.  This is a game that I can see joining our recent regular game night rotation with Rummicub, Stratego, Hive, and Sorry.
The rules are very simple. You play cards from your hand to place or remove markers on a board. The goal is to connect two opposite sides of the board with a path of your colored markers.The game is probably as least 50% luck. Games last around 10 minutes.Although 2 people can play, it is much more fun with 3 or more people. Strategy becomes more important with more people because decisions about whether to place your own markers or remove someone else's become much more important. With 3 or more players, you can take advantage of another player's defensive plays.The game is well made. All of the components store neatly in the box. There are zip lock bags for the markers.The game could be improved if the the board layout could be varied (a technically challenging improvement, but one that companies like Ravensburger have been able to implement using grids and tiles).
Right out of the box, this game seemed more complicated than it really was since you are using checker like markers, a board game, and playing cards.  The rules however are clearly outlined and after playing one game slowly to get acclimated to the rules, my family really enjoyed this new game.We played it with two kids - ages 10 and 7 and they both surprisingly caught onto the rules very quickly.  Conceptually, it reminds me somewhat of connect four - but on steroids.  The goal of the game is to make a line (vertically or horizontally - and the line doesn't have to be straight) across the board with your colored markers.  Players start off being dealt 5 playing cards from 2 traditional deck of cards.  You then use these cards to begin taking spots on the board.  If you want to play a Black King (either spade or club), you get to select one of the 2 spots on the board where the &#34;Black King&#34; is located (the suits are not recognized on the board - only the color).  Whatever cards you use during your turn, you pick up that number of replacement cards before the next players turn.Additional rules are included to make it more competitive - pairs (or 3, 4, or 5 of a kind) allow you to place markers on ANY spots that are not occupied by 2 same colored markers.  Have a run or 2 or more (i.e. hearts 3, 4) you get to REMOVE any two markers of other players (or more if your run includes more cards).  There are white blocks on the board that can only be occupied by playing a &#34;Pair&#34; because 2 markers MUST be used to occupy the white blocks.  You can also simultaneously occupy the same block as other players as long as none of the other players have &#34;closed&#34; the block by using 2 of their markers to claim the block.  Once a block is &#34;closed&#34; no one else can occupy that block (but if you were already on this block - you can still use this block to complete your path) and you can only get around this block by literally designing your line around it, or by removing those two markers by playing a run of 2 or more.  Sounds a bit complicated however once you play this game a few times it begins to make perfect sense.So after a few hands, the board has this assortment of colored markers all over the place (and some blocks have multiple colored markers on it) and you need to be mindful of where you can move to try to complete your line (thereby winning the game) - while simultaneously being aware of what your competitors are doing as you may need to occasionally stop building your line to remove markers of competitors to mess up their progress (by playing a run).All in all - very enjoyable.  Our first game seemed to stretch out forever because we were constantly referring back to the rules to determine what we could (or couldn't) do.  The rules are outlined clearly in the instructions and fortunately there are also illustrations to accompany the rules to assist with understanding.  The 2nd and 3rd time we played it - we broke down into &#34;teams&#34; where we played separately and didn't share our cards with our partners but we didn't sabotage our &#34;partners&#34; line and we'd help out in removing obstacles for each other.  When playing in teams - the games typically lasted about 30 minutes.  Playing individually makes for a much longer game - probably 1 hour or more.Everything is held conveniently in a square box.  I'm sure we will eventually have the dog eat a marker or 2 so we'll have to devise a way to make more markers in the future.  We only used about 2/3 of the markers for each game we played so hopefully if we loose a few in the future (which is so very common with small pieces) it won't make that much of a big deal.  The markers are small so if you are a parent with infants/toddlers - you'll really want to keep the markers away from them.Game specifies ages 8+ and 2-4 players (or teams).  If only playing with 2 players it will be a bit boring - 3 to 4 players would be ideal.  We really enjoy this game and will definitely regularly incorporate it into our Friday Family Fun Nights.  I was really impressed at how quickly the 7-year old picked up the concept of how to develop a run and how to use her pairs (or 3 of a kind) to build her line.  These were new concepts for this child so I view this game as a building block to teach new card games with similar card rules.  Additionally, since you are only holding 5-cards at any given time - smaller hands won't have a problem organizing their cards on their own - another bonus when playing with younger kids.  It's a game that involves strategy and luck of the draw - We are having a lot of fun with it and there are suggestions for &#34;optional rules&#34; if you would like to change things around in the future.  I highly recommend this game - it's a keeper.
This game is a pretty good boardgame for all ages.  The rules are easy to pick up and the tactics involved are straightforward.  Unfortunately, the game is very dependent on luck.  The gameplay involves placing or removing pieces based on what card is drawn.  The board is designed so that the cards match up with specific locations.  As a result most of the moves are automatic.  There are a few twists such as blocking tiles or removing enemy pieces from the board that make the game interesting.  Overall, it isn't a game that will get much repeat play in my house but it's fun enough to play from time to time.
We enjoyed this game.  You play it with cards, and what looks like a checker board.  You are trying to get yourself from one side of the board to another.  Pairs get you two spaces.  A single card gets you a spot according to the number and color of the card.  The runs make it so you can take other players pieces off the board.  I did feel a little bit like the game wasn't going to end.  Also, I couldn't count cards because there are more cards than a standard deck.  I did wake up to my kids playing it again by themselves.  Very easy game.  Would recommend for ages 6 and older.
I played CrossWays with my 9 year old and my husband.  We were learning and reading directions the first time through the game.  Somehow I kept thinking we were missing something because the game ended very quickly. This would be a good game for maybe when my daughter wants to play with friends. Good game and it was very quick!!
Cross Ways reminds me of an old game I still enjoy playing, even though it's no longer available for sale: Touch&eacute;. That. Was. A. GREAT. Game.And so is Cross Ways.What's the similarity?Both involve packs of playing cards and a game board with pieces. Both can be played with two, three, or four people. Both involve the perfect combination of luck and strategy. Both can be played rather quickly, particularly if only two people are playing. Both can truly be enjoyed by players age eight and up. And both make you want to play again as soon as you've finished a game, because they are both so fun!But these really are two different games. While Touch&eacute; is a lot like a board game version of poker, in which you play cards one at a time to place your pieces on squares with matching cards in an attempt to create patterns on the board; Cross Ways is, well, like a board game version of poker, in which pairs (as well as three or four of a kind) let you place your pieces anywhere on the board, and runs of the same suit let you take your opponent's pieces off, all in attempt to create a line of pieces from one side of the board to the opposite side of the board. If you don't have a pair, or a run of the same suit, you can place a piece on the board on a square by playing one card with a matching number and color on that square. There are also blank squares that can only have two pieces or no pieces. Another player can still add his own piece to a square with just one of your pieces on it, but not a square with two pieces on it, not without removing at least one of those pieces first (both if it's a blank square).It's very easy to learn, and the more you play, the more strategy you'll learn to use. For example, I like to set up my hand according to the order I plan to play it. Sometimes it's best to play a pair first and wait before playing a run. Sometimes it's smarter to play a single card first. Sometimes working on two parallel lines helps, so if one falls through, you can use parts of it to complete the other line.The game is well constructed and well packaged. I expect we'll be playing it for years, just like our copy of Touch&eacute;.
"We have a board-game crazy kid and we try to have a family game night at least once per week, so are always looking for new games to throw into the rotation. While we really enjoyed the previous game from this maker,Tapple Board Game, and have played it many times now, this one just didn't connect with our family.First, the play, using the included cards, which, by the way, were quite flimsy, in an attempt to create a path with your markers, without letting opponents do the same, was a little forced and convoluted but, most of all, long. We eventually modified the rules, allowing diagonal paths, simply in order to complete a game. The ""strategy"" elements were more dumb luck and the play was frequently repetitive and frustrating.My son enjoyed it more than we did, but this isn't one mom and dad are gonna want to play again anytime soon."
Fun, quick game.  I play this game with my 9-year-old daughter.  There is some strategy but enough randomness that anyone can win no matter the age differences.I actually wish the game would take a little longer because some games can be over in minutes depending upon which cards are drawn.  However, this is also good because this is one of those games you can play when you don't want to play a long game.  I don't think we have ever went over 10 minutes for someone to win this game (and probably not that long).I have never played with other than two players, but I think 3 or 4 players would probably make the game even better.Edit:  After playing this more with various peoples, it appears that at some point it just digresses into a person trying to make a straight line across the board and stopping his opponent from beating him by using cards to remove opponent markers.  At this point it just becomes a luck of the draw kind of game.  And then the game gets played less and less.
I have fond memories of playing Sequence before I became a serious board gamer.  (And for non-serious board gamers, I mean someone who visits and reads boardgamegeek daily, plays a hundred plus new games a year which you'll never find for sale at Target or Walmart, and has a collection of several hundred titles.)  Once I played more serious games with more depth Sequence just wasn't that interesting.Then I saw Crossways and knew immediately that it was basically the same game, but had some interesting twists.  Unfortunately, it didn't really deliver on my hopes for something deeper.  The amount of luck is still through the roof.  But it is, however, less based on luck than Sequence.  In Crossways it's actually pretty easy to place your pieces wherever you want.  And it's also pretty easy to remove your opponents pieces as well.  All which adds up to a game that feels like it's best for 4 players in a casual setting.  I would only recommend the 2p game to someone who really loves Sequence or basic family games.  Crossways seems like it will shine with the social element and that's just not going to be there at 2p.As for serious gamers, my recommendation is to stay away.  Yes, it's better than Sequence.  But it still doesn't offer enough depth to warrant your time.  If you doubt me, just note that the publisher is USAopoly whose deepest games are Scrabble and Munchkin.  Nice family games (Telestrations is great!), but not a lot for serious gamers.  And that trend applies here as well.I give the game 4 stars for casual players, two (at most!) for serious gamers.  Split the difference and make it three.
