Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
I was disappointed with Outrageous Science Kit. It includes instructions, test tube holder, test tubes and lids, garbled marbles, super absorbent crystals, insta-snow powder, mixing tray, measuring scoop, fizzing tablets, pipette, color wheel, plastic cups and clear spheres.I knew something was up when I seen the flimsy box and felt how light in weight the box was. They make it seem like those are tons of contents by the list but it's not. There really isn't a lot here. To complete the science experiments included, you must use more items from your home. Some we had some around the house and some we did not.This is really nothing but the Orbeez turned into a science experiment. We have actually found Orbeez-type product sold in a test tube before at our Target but I think they only cost $1. The fizzing tablets are the food coloring tablets that come in Easter Egg kits at Easter. We already have several of those that we literally can get after Easter for a quarter a kit.This is way over-priced for what you get but the kids did enjoy playing with the Orbeez-like marbles.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.05951044335961342,0.056718844920396805,0.056777045130729675,0.05769139528274536,0.04837692156434059,0.048003166913986206,0.0715247169137001,0.06747432798147202,0.05826059728860855,0.05601189658045769,0.05238157510757446,0.04782256484031677,0.0537712499499321,0.051152732223272324,0.05144995450973511,0.051165830343961716,0.05639353767037392,0.05551322177052498
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
Unfortunately, this kit is not ready-to-go and create all the featured experiments. Instead, only a few activities are ready to launch straight out of the box and those aren't the coolest ones either. Given its marketing, I think it should be more full-featured or more upfront about the minimum amount of engagement included behind the cardboard case.Disappointing.
Three stars seems a little harsh, but we were definitely a little disappointed when we opened the box.  The set was a little underwhelming when we opened it up, presentation of the materials could have been better than just tossed, jumbled into a sealed plastic bag.  Also many of the experiments were a little cliched and my kids had done them many times before, like the fake snow and what ended up being glorified Orbeez.Once set up we did like that it was the start of a laboratory with some interesting albeit plastic test tubes with stands, pipetts and some bags of chemicals. It really did end up being an interesting couple of hours, part of which was a scavenger hunt of household materials that were not included in the kit (rubber bands, cooking oil, confetti.)All in all it was ok, but our expectations were higher.
I got this kit for my 9 year old who is in 4/5th grade. The projects are a little simplistic for that grade level, but he has studied the book and been excited to do the experiments. There are marbles that expand in water, instant snow that he insists is just like real snow only better because it doesn't have to be cold. The test tubes are plastic (unexpanded 2 liter pop bottles) so there's no need to be afraid they'll shatter. And everything is explained well and thoroughly enough that a good reader can conduct the experiments on their own. Well thought out kit.
As many other reviewers mentions, there isn&#8217;t really much to this kit and there are probably cheaper kits, but they will require more effort in gathering ingredients.Many reviewers have complained that the kit requires foam beads and confetti. This isn&#8217;t really a big deal. There is one experiment that requires confetti and foam beads. You mix foam beads and water in a test tube and watch how it reacts, basically a homemade snow globe. If you are set on performing this experiment, you can just tear apart any Styrofoam item. (We used shipping Styrofoam from some custom coffee cups.) Or, if you have a bean bag you can steal a quarter of a cup and that will take care of this experiment. In a pinch, you can even tear apart packing peanuts, but they won&#8217;t look as uniform. The experiment involving confetti it really similar. You mix vegetable oil with glitter, confetti and beads to make a &#8220;wand&#8221; so you can see how the materials react in the vegetable oil. Just keep in mind that the confetti needs to be the plastic kind; you will end up with a mushy mess. (For this experiment, I would suggest using a plastic drink bottle instead of the included test tube. Vegetable oil is no fun to clean up and if you use an empty water bottle, you can just toss the whole thing in the garbage when you are done. This basically means you will use NOTHING from the kit for this experiment&#8230; )The other experiments will be interesting to small children, and the starting age of 4 is pretty appropriate. I think this is a little overpriced for what you get. The experiments involving the beads and insta-snow and pretty fun. The experiments involving colors are not anything you couldn&#8217;t do with a white, foam egg carton and your leftover Easter Egg dye.The benefit of this kit is that most of what you need is included or can be found easily in most homes. The reviewers who have made a big deal about not being able to find &#8220;foam beads&#8221; is really much ado about nothing. It&#8217;s kind of a dumb experiment anyway.
Now I know why science teachers make the big bucks (in Finland).  This is work, man.  To optimize this toy, I've got to complete a treasure hunt and supervise a lot more than I can.It's not that the toy isn't good for my kids.  My point is that with four part-time jobs and trying to stay one step ahead of the repo guy, I can't manage it.
This kit (for ages 4 and up) is a nice little starter kit. It is geared toward introducing kids to the most basic of experiments. As a home-educating family, we are always looking to supplement with visuals.There are a few things you'll need that DO NOT come with the kit. Other reviewers mentioned the foam beads, but you really don't need them. You will need some small, clear plastic cups, confetti, salt, rubber bands, bowls, plastic container, and re-sealable bags. Most of this stuff every family will have. Otherwise the kit supplies the rest.We are working our way through the delineated experiments and our kids (ages 9 and 4) are having fun.My box had a stamp of 2/14/13 and I ordered it in August. Hopefully, that is not an expiration date. Everything seems to be working fine.I would have priced this more at $10 for what you get, but your kids will have fun with the experiments.
I was disappointed with Outrageous Science Kit. It includes instructions, test tube holder, test tubes and lids, garbled marbles, super absorbent crystals, insta-snow powder, mixing tray, measuring scoop, fizzing tablets, pipette, color wheel, plastic cups and clear spheres.I knew something was up when I seen the flimsy box and felt how light in weight the box was. They make it seem like those are tons of contents by the list but it's not. There really isn't a lot here. To complete the science experiments included, you must use more items from your home. Some we had some around the house and some we did not.This is really nothing but the Orbeez turned into a science experiment. We have actually found Orbeez-type product sold in a test tube before at our Target but I think they only cost $1. The fizzing tablets are the food coloring tablets that come in Easter Egg kits at Easter. We already have several of those that we literally can get after Easter for a quarter a kit.This is way over-priced for what you get but the kids did enjoy playing with the Orbeez-like marbles.
"My nearly seven-year-old-daughter and I have been working our way through this kit and theBe Amazing Toys Big Bag Of Science Kit.  Nearly every activity in this kit is in the Big Bag kit, plus many others, so for an additional ten bucks, I recommend getting that one instead.This kit primarily explores various polymers - garbled marbles, Insta-snow, and other oozy, slippery, slimy and fascinating substances.  Even though she had already done most of these activities, my daughter enjoyed doing them all again.  Many of the seemingly separate activities are really just continuations of the previous activity, such as making colored polymers or putting the colored polymers into a test tube and watching the colors run.  It's also interesting to combine the different polymers with each other to make an even more squishy, gooey mess.There are some drawbacks to this kit.  As other reviewers have noted, it requires quite a few ""household"" items, some of which may not be easily found in most households.  The most difficult item to find will be the foam pieces (packing peanuts will do, if you can still find those), but that is also one of the least interesting activities.The other annoyance is that the instructions start off with a rather long-winded and, frankly, irrelevant discussion of how their test tubes are actually ""baby soda bottles"" - plastic soda bottles before they are blown up to contain soda.  Wow.  This is actually considered to be an ""activity"".  I recommend skipping this one, as it may turn off your youngster from continuing on with the kit.I don't know how much my daughter actually learned about polymers, at least about their names, chemical compositions or uses, but she did have fun playing in the ooze and slime.  At this age, hands on experience is more important than cognitive knowledge anyway, as it's building connections and deeper understanding.Fun activities, but the packaging and instructions are not terribly well thought out."
3 stars is probably being generous, but my child enjoyed it so I bumped it up from a 2 star review for just the contents. There's nothing terribly special about this 'kit' and the fact that it requires household items that you may or may not have is definitely a minus. The instructions are lacking and overall I feel that there are many better options out there if you're looking to get your child excited about science.
This has a number of experiment ideas that can be done fairly easily to help interest children in science.  When I first got this box, I wondered if there was anything in it because it was so light &#8211; maybe a couple of cups and a couple of pieces of paper?  There was slightly more than that in the box.One small bag of powder to make instant snow.15 superabsorbent crystals5 spheres (?)5g garbled marbles1 package fizzing tablets (11, looks like Easter egg dyes.)3 plastic cups (ketchup holder )like3 pipettes3 (plastic) test tubes1 (small) color wheel1 9 well mixing tray (think miniature egg holder, plastic)1 measuring scoop1 test tube holder1 set of instructionsEverything else that you need to do the experiments are common household objects, except maybe the plastic shoe box.  If they had actually put all of the parts in that plastic container, this could have been more useful.The most useful part of this kit is the instructions but I don't see anything here that couldn't be found on the internet.
We have loved Steven Spangler's science projects. He is the guy that started the mentos and diet coke craze that was so fun. I have purchased products from his website in the past. I even attended a brilliant brithday party where all the activities were Steven Spangler science activities. So I had really high hopes.But rather than being a fun science kit, this ends up being really a sales sampler of products. There isn't enough to really do anything with. And while the products are fun, the scientific value is less than the entertainment value. I would recommend the Be Amazing Big Bag of Science over this.That is really disappointing because we have loved this brand in the past.
"Steve Spangler is science teacher/TV personality.  His specialty is cool experiments, such as the ones in this kit.  (I think links are not allowed in these reviews, but if you do a search for him, you can see some of the cooler stuff on his site).This kit is basically three things:1) Some super strong plastic test tubes with screw tops.  These are literally two liter plastic bottles that haven't been stretched to bottle size, and they're good for young experimenters because they seal tightly and are nigh-unbreakable.2) ""Instant snow""  This is a superabsorbent polymer - just add water and it erupts into something sort of like snow.  Let it dry again and it returns to its original form.3) A variety of polymer spheres and crystals.  These are sold separately as ""Jiggly Jewels"" and are pretty cool.  Add water and they expand into large squishy shapes.  Dry them out and they shrink back down.There are also some dyes and cups, but that's nothing you can't do at home, and a small pamphlet with some ideas for things you can do with the equipment, like mixing water, food coloring, and oil in a tube to make a wave tube.I had to give this at least three stars - my daughter enjoyed playing with the snow and jewels, and they *are* pretty cool, and she's still using the test tubes.  But for the price, I felt like this could have been better.  Mildly recommended, if you don't want to take the time to buy the elements separately."
"This toy is for younger kids, so what makes it great is that the artwork and promised ""outrageousness"" gets them excited about doing science experiments.  Mixing primary colors to create secondary colors is much more fun when you're making a mess, and not just being told or even rotating colored acetates.  There is also gooey stuff, which will absorb colors, and optic experiments.As should be obvious, this is only for the ""4 and up"" crowd with adult supervision.  If you can't work outdoors, make sure you have newspapers or a plastic tablecloth to spread out before starting."
As much as I would love to use this kit, I don't even have all the pieces. It's not a kit. You still have to go and purchase a bunch of stuff to even use it. Very disappointing. I think they could improve by adding these simple items as others have already listed to the kit. The instructions are pretty boring although I felt they tried to add a bit of humor in them. The kit itself seems durable and I hope once I find all the materials, we can actually use it.
If you are looking for a product to help make science fun keep looking!this is a bunch of odds and ends  --  the box weighs almost as much as the contents.If you are looking for science projects to do at home consider either4M Weather Station Kit--or--Naked Eggs and Flying Potatoes: Unforgettable Experiments That Make Science Fun
This is not a complete kit, this has some items and then sends you on a wild goose chase for some elusive foam beads, I am not sure where to find that item. I would have preferred that this be a complete kit because kids don't like to wait for you to run around trying to find the items they need to actually conduct these experiments.
I thought this would be a great item to add to our homeschool curriculum, but there are so many items that you have to gather yourself (foam beads, confetti - just to name a couple of odd items), I don't see the point of this product. You could just pick up a science workbook likeCoolest Kids Science Projects: 40 Fun & Easy Science Experiments For Kids, and put together your own box of goodies for your science lessons, for either the same cost, or less, in some cases.It was somewhat frustrating not to be able to do certain experiments right away, and I'm getting more than a little sick of kits, sets, & games that require additional items to be able to use the product. I don't think I will be recommending this particular item to any other homeschoolers.
Please look at the box contents.1. Insta-Snow powder2. Superabsorbent Crystals3. Clear Spheres4. Garbled Marbles5. True Colors fizzing tablets6. Plastic cups, pipettes, blue scoop, and mixing tray7. Three test tubes with lids and holder8. Color wheel#4 is justMixed Colors Water Pearls(AKA Orbeez)#3 is just #4 without the color#2 is just #3 but in non-spherical shapes#1 is just #2 crushed into a tiny powder(NOTE: If they are actually different, then they sure look, feel, and behave similarly)All of these are very similar to what goes into disposable diapers#5 is useful, but you could use food coloring instead#6 is useful, but you could use stuff around the house (the pipettes were probably the most useful here)#7 is pretty much useless unless you supplement the kit with a bunch of other stuff that you may or may not have around the house (see the many other reviews on this product)#8... did I miss something?  Why is this in here?  I'm pretty sure my kids already know what the various colors look like and they didn't need the wheel to experiment with what colors result from mixing the primaries.Playing with the polymers was fun and everything (and the kids loved it) but at the end of the day, this isn't so much a bunch of different experiments as it is several variations on one or 2 experiments (unless you want to float foam beads in oil and water).3 stars because the kids got a big kick out of it but I felt like most of the stuff in the box was just filler and because such a large number of variations were not provided in the kit.Oh, and as a side note, are these the foam beads everyone is talking about?Play Foam
