Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
I actually received an older model of this toy that requires batteries and plays slightly obnoxious music, but the model shown above seems to have eliminated both of those complaints. My kids have loved playing with the balls and elephant. The balls are lightweight enough to allow the toy to pop them up easier but they are still sturdy enough that my kids haven't squished or dented any of them. I would definitely recommend this toy - I am amazed at how long it entertains my toddlers!

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.09681405872106552,0.09613452106714249,0.08810058236122131,0.1018570140004158,0.10002953559160233,0.10010779649019241,0.11791546642780304,0.09992814809083939,0.09842871129512787,0.10068424046039581
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
Initially my two year old daughter was a little scared of the popping balls but once she understood that this is what makes the toy so much fun, then she really got a kick out of it. I really dislike noisy toys and this one is definitely too loud, but this an excellent toy for learning cause and effect.
Although not made of steel, this little guy is just adorable!  Watching that ball pop from the elephant's nose is just cute and excites all the toddlers that have played with this little guy.  It jams once in awhile, but nothing earth shattering.  Such a cute idea! Recommend!
I ordered this toy from the Amazon Vine program and received the older version that is stationary and does not pick up the balls.Having said that, this toy is hilarious!! I rightly assumed that my 1 year old grandson would love it. He figured out how to make it work in the first 2 minutes. And chasing the balls is just another fun part of the game. I did not expect that the teens would sit down and play with him. This sweet elephant makes everyone laugh.I would hesitate to order this toy from Amazon, as there seems to be a problem with which one you will actually receive.
It is designed to teach hand/eye coordination and the concept that just because you can&#8217;t see something doesn&#8217;t mean it no longer exists. It has bright colors and is fun to play with. It is also something that the child can play with alone or would be very fun to play with a parent or older sibling.Reminds me a little of the corn popper I had as a kid (and gave to my own kids), only much more advanced - sort of like those putting machines, only for little ones.
"I like the sturdy construction of this toy, and the use of primary color's..... great to teach your baby/toddler their primary colors with the different colored balls.  The music when activated is a bit too loud with the fan motor running, this I didn't like, and the songs and noise quickly become annoying.  Especially when your child pushes the button and 50% of the time the ball just floats on air suspended just above the trunk. It very often does that more then into an ear or out on the floor.  The elephant itself reminds me too much like another elephant toy that I bought for my children that had light fabric butterflies that you put into the trunk and turned on the ""fan"" inside and it blew them up and out for the children to catch with small nets.  It went through batteries very quickly, I can only hope that this toy does not follow suit.  Definitely recommend that you find a extremely level surface to play with this toy....... loses something when it only floats the ball."
I was initially offered this product through Vine but a different version was sent and I really wanted the handle version, so I purchased it myself.  I was hoping it would help my learning to walk toddler who can walk with other push toys.  The handle does not stay upright, though making that difficult.  While I understand it is not a push toy, it doesn't really seem durable at all for a young walker.  Also, I have hard wood floors and like other reviewers have noted the balls do go ALL over.  What I do like is that it does not require batteries, is quiet, and a relatively simple toy for my kids to grasp and play with.  The price point at the time I purchased (~$13) was also extremely reasonable.
I actually received an older model of this toy that requires batteries and plays slightly obnoxious music, but the model shown above seems to have eliminated both of those complaints. My kids have loved playing with the balls and elephant. The balls are lightweight enough to allow the toy to pop them up easier but they are still sturdy enough that my kids haven't squished or dented any of them. I would definitely recommend this toy - I am amazed at how long it entertains my toddlers!
This is such a cute little toy. My grandson and granddaughter both love to play with this. The balls are so cute when they pop up and then my grandson puts them back in and my granddaughter claps and loves her older brother.
Such a fun toy for babies and toddlers and even preschoolers.  Everyone loves elefun and this adds popping balls with it. you can't go wrong!  Expect lots of laughs! Larger than expected and a good quality item.
My 19 month old who doesn't particularly like playing with actual toys does enjoy this one, for a short while anyway. It's great for motor skills and teaches cause and effect. Basically the child has to pop the balls inside the elephant and it comes out through his trunk. The sound it makes when it's on is kinda loud, but of course it's more annoying for the adults in the house&#8230;Also a side note. My version of this toy is not the one pictured. Mine doesn't come with a handle at all, it's just an elephant sitting up with his trunk in the air. I got this through Vine so I'm not sure what's going on, but just some caution in case it happens when you purchase it as well.
