Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
"This thing is so cool and will delight any kid who loves art and drawing with markers. The younger ones obviously need supervision, but for older elementary school-aged kids and up, they can do it themselves. It's like a chemistry set for kids who love art. It also teaches you how colors can be combined to produce new colors. You also learn how a marker works because you see the foam core in action.This kit makes 16 markers, but that's it! You and the kids are going to want more marker parts and ink to make more markers because the color combinations are endless. Depending on where you buy the refill pack, we're talking about $10 to $18 for a dozen markers. I guess that's about the price of high-end markers or brush pens, but when you can buy an 8- or 10-pack of Crayola markers, the per-marker price is expensive. However, talk about customization! Think of all the special marker packs you can personalize to give as gifts.It's so fun. I received this for free through the Amazon Vine program, but I can see that I""m going to spend a lot more money buying the refill packs. What a clever way to make money, Crayola... Still, you people deserve all the money you earn from this product because it's ingenious and fun to use."

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.04852999374270439,0.052378203719854355,0.04620419070124626,0.04443554952740669,0.04632289707660675,0.048780523240566254,0.046226464211940765,0.048205550760030746,0.04615258425474167,0.04657059535384178,0.04747290536761284,0.048723187297582626,0.049061812460422516,0.04981036111712456,0.05084571614861488,0.04533468559384346,0.04744613170623779,0.046889178454875946,0.04530174657702446,0.04886888712644577,0.0464387908577919
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
My kids (8 and 6) loved this marker maker and played with it constantly until we ran out of the marker materials (caps, tubes)+'staught them how make markers.  My son wants to take them apartCan create custom cool colorseasy to use once you learn how to make a markergood mixing instructions on making the custom colors (tells you how much red blue and yellow that you need)-'swish it came with more markers - can only make 16 and then have to reorder materialsOverall, a big hit and my kids like it MUCH better than the Crayon maker (works better, don't have to wait for the markers to come out, etc., more reliable, etc.)
"This thing is so cool and will delight any kid who loves art and drawing with markers. The younger ones obviously need supervision, but for older elementary school-aged kids and up, they can do it themselves. It's like a chemistry set for kids who love art. It also teaches you how colors can be combined to produce new colors. You also learn how a marker works because you see the foam core in action.This kit makes 16 markers, but that's it! You and the kids are going to want more marker parts and ink to make more markers because the color combinations are endless. Depending on where you buy the refill pack, we're talking about $10 to $18 for a dozen markers. I guess that's about the price of high-end markers or brush pens, but when you can buy an 8- or 10-pack of Crayola markers, the per-marker price is expensive. However, talk about customization! Think of all the special marker packs you can personalize to give as gifts.It's so fun. I received this for free through the Amazon Vine program, but I can see that I""m going to spend a lot more money buying the refill packs. What a clever way to make money, Crayola... Still, you people deserve all the money you earn from this product because it's ingenious and fun to use."
My 12 year old loves this product , she is old enough to create all on her own and was very please with the process. You can mix and make your own colors and so far we are loving this little machine.
"Looking back on my 1970s childhood, I remember yearning for that art-class king maker:  Crayola's illustrious ""Box of 64"" with the built-in crayon sharpener.  Back then, those crayons meant everything and there was no substitute.  Markers?  Who needed them?  They smelled ""funny"" and there were only a handful of colors (the red ones were mostly used by teachers to make the bad grade on homework and tests visual enough for the entire class to see).  Today's kids have it all ... why settle for 64 Crayola crayon colors when you can get 150?  And who needs crayons when you can now make your own colored markers with the CRAYOLA MARKER MAKER?WHAT IT IS:A well-designed kit that enables custom colored markers to be easily made with no mess.  The variety of marker colors are based on the three primary colors of ink provided:  blue, red and yellow.IN THE BOX:- Plastic marker station that is used to create and store markers.- 3 bottles of marker ink (blue, red, and yellow), 2 measuring tubes and tweezers.- A supply of barrels, filters, tips, and caps to make 16 markers.- Customizable labels for the markers and 2 customizable boxes that will each hold 8 markers.- Instructions and color mixing guide.HOW IT WORKS:- The process is simple:  Prep the marker by inserting a tip/nib in a barrel and place in the kit's designated slot.  Choose a desired color on the mixing guide and fill the measuring tube with the colors.  The mixing guide instructs how much ink of each color is needed to create the desired color.- Once the color mixture is created, simply drop the ""marker filament"" into the measuring tube and wait until the filament absorbs all the ink in the tube.  Then, drop the filament in the barrel, place an end-cap on the barrel and pull down the kit's crank/handle to ""cap"" the marker (this will not only snap the end-cap in place, but push the filament into the tip).  Tweezers are provided to eliminate contact with the ink.- Stand newly made marker in designated slot (tip facing upward), snap on tip cap and watch as the tip begins to absorb the ink.  Once the tip has soaked up the color ... voila, a new marker is born!- The kit allows for 2 markers to be mixed simultaneously, but only one marker can be ""capped"" at a time.- Refills can be purchased to make more markers.CONCLUSION:The CRAYOLA MARKER MAKER is a fun parent/child project.  Crayola's thoughtful design minimizes the mess potential.  The process is easy and organized.  The markers themselves are of good quality.  The MARKER MAKER allows kids to understand primary colors and how their interaction creates different colors.  I wished the mixing guide used a better, more prominent font (it was difficult for my eyes to differentiate 6, 8 and 9) and the kit isn't designed to hold all the supplies, but overall, this is an excellent product."
This is a really fun marker making set.  It is easy to use and makes high quality markers that are really usable.  My oldest daughter (age 6) is the artistic/crafty type and really loves this type of project.  She enjoyed mixing up her own custom colors and then using the markers afterwards.  Highly Recommended for your little artist.
I didn't know  what to think when I ordered this set. Will the kids enjoy it? Will it be a fun project? Will the markers actually work? Will is be hard to do or really messy?The reality was, this was a fun project, the markers works just as well as store bought markers (same construction) and the mess was minimal as I was the one who poured the ink.Is there opportunity to make a giant inky mess? Yes, but that pretty much comes with the territory with any ink/paint project.  By me doing the project with the kids, there was virtually zero mess and also very little clean up.  Just be sure to do this project on a space that isn't harmed by washable marker ink.  (Unfinished wood floors, upholstery, etc.)After figuring out where everything went, the project just zipped along.  The most confusing aspect was the marker parts onboard storage, which ended up being unnecessary as we went through the entire kit in one sitting.  A few details about the kit:* Makes 16 markers.* Includes two cardboard marker holders (8 per box) that can be colored and labeled with the child's name.  Works great with two kids or less.* Very easy to measure the ink, and assemble to the markers.* Included inks are Red, Yellow, Blue which means you basically get markers of those colors plus shades of green, orange, and purple.  Would be nice to have some variety, but it's also plenty to fill a child's box with 8 unique colors.* Plenty of ink to make a variety of colors also allowing for a child's preference of certain shades. E.g. if a child's favorite color is blue, you won't run out of blue ink if you make more than a couple different blues, though you will if you try to make 8 different blue markers.* Maker casings are clear so you can see you custom colors - pretty neat, and included stickers to label them doesn't entirely cover the housing.  A smart decision in my humble opinion.If I had a gripe, it's that with only three base ink colors, you are somewhat limited in the number of shades you can get from the set.  Still what you do get is a great start to making your markers own and hopefully there are refill sets that expand on the number of colors you can make.In the end my 7yo daughter said this is the best Crayola project we have done together.  In summary, if your children like coloring with markers AND enjoying making things/doing projects, I would highly recommend this set.
This marker maker comes with the basic color inks (red, Yellow, Blue) empty markers, measuring tubes, color guide charts (if you want to follow them) and a nice container that holds all these. There is enough supplies for 15-20 markers depending on which shades of color the kids want to make.Part of the lid acts as a nice tray to keep the two measuring tubes in place and also hold the ink bottle, empty marker tubes, cap, tip and the absorbant insert. Once you decide the proportions of the basic colors you want to mix and add them to the mixing tube (you can already see the color), you place the insert which will absorb the mixed ink, you can then use the tweezers to put it in the empty marker, add a tip and cap it. There is a place for labeling you color as well.Overall, a very nice set that will enhance the color creativity of kids and also allow them to experiment and learn how different colors can be created by mixing basic colors.
This is a great kit for a future chemist! My son loved mixing the colors. The tools that come with the kit make it seem very professional, he called it his color lab. Watching the marker wick soak up the color was also interesting. Once you cap it and label it, the marker becomes even more special when you name it!The kit was not messy for us, but we did it outside anyway. The kit makes two cases of markers, I wish I would have come with enough to make 4 sets given the price. The refill kits are expensive making this a high cost toy to continue to use.It has been a few weeks since we made the markers and the quality seems spot on with store bought markers. They haven't dried out and the color is consistent and vibrant.This would make a great gift for a hard to buy for kid!
"I wasn't sure about this product at first, love Crayola products but their ""kits"" usually leave something to be desired... however I have an art & science loving 9yr old so I figured we'd at least try them out. We sat down saying we'd only make a few, and did the whole package... we had a blast being silly and making up names for our creations. We actually ended up with a pretty good variety of colors. This is a potentially messy kit so I'd recommend it for older children who can follow direction, or a bunch of newspapers under it. My only complaint would be the stickers they included to label the markers, though I put them on myself (thus ensuring they were flat/smooth and securely down) by the next morning every single one of them had peeled right up and off the markers!!! I had to use some packing tape around them to keep them on. We'll definitely buy a refill for more fun."
I bought this for my science/art loving 3 year old, knowing it would probably be beyond her -- but she picked it up pretty quickly and reminds me when I mess up and miss a step.  I am terrible at following instructions or doing anything mechanical, but this is pretty easy and it comes with a lot of markers.  We've used it about 5 separate times already (she always asks to make more) and still have a few markers left.  She never actually uses the markers though...she just likes to make them. :)  The cannisters with the color are a little hard to squeeze and you need a little patience - but definitely a fun and creative way to spend some time, with a scientific feel to it.  After playing with this, we went on to use food coloring to make cupcakes where each cupcake (and each cupcake's icing) were a different color.  That was an even bigger hit - so if you are looking for something color-related for a younger/preschool/kindergarten kid, you might try that too (especially if he or she enjoyed this).
"Perhaps you imagined that, as a toy, magic markers couldn't possible use an upgrade?  Now meet ""Crayola Marker Makers"": your kids chance to create custom colors!When I first saw this toy, it set off parental alarm bells.  Could you possibly imagine anything as messy as ""mix your own"" magic markers? As it turns out, the folks at Crayola put plenty of thought into just that issue.  More than easy to use, this set is designed to contain the potential mess.  Seriously, how often do you thank a toy company for keeping your furniture in mind when designing a product?  Younger kids may spill a bit of ink, but I was amazed at the low exposure (though if your child decides to paint your drapes, well... they could've done that with a plain old magic marker, right?).The set comes with ink, miking beakers, labels, tools, and a guide to a set of custom colors. For the creatively inclined, it's a field day.A word of warning: as you might imagine, this toy opens you up to the ongoing expense of those dreaded ""refills."" The price range on these varies considerably, from the reasonably $15 to the just lunatic $30+, so make sure to do your research.  Still, there's no end to the world's gradations of color, making the only limit your child's interest and imagination.  Those refills are well worth the expense."
As part of my participation in the Amazon Vines program, I received this product for review.I have two daughters (4 going on 5 and 11).  This product was a good way to spend a couple of quality hours together making magic markers.  It would also work well at birthday parties as a way to let the kids make something they can take home in their goody bag.  The youngest of my daughters just enjoyed the process of making a marker and then just drawing on it.  She had problems squeezing the colors into the measuring cylinders and I had to help her.  The product is intended for 8+ years old, but I will say that my 11 year old also had difficulties getting the colors out of the hard plastic squeeze bottles.The 11 year old is fascinated by chemistry, so this product was a real hit with her and allowed her to see how the different combinations of red, yellow, and blue produced different colored markers.  Is it worth the price?  I think it depends on if you believe your children or birthday guests will enjoy the educational experience.  Mine did and I would buy this product for the next birthday party we schedule.
The Crayola Marker Maker is a fun and engaging craft activity for the whole family.  The kit comes with enough supplies to make 16 markers which fit into 2 boxes of 8 markers each, making this a great activity for two children to do together.  We opened the box on a rainy afternoon and had the assembly completed and directions read in about ten minutes.  That is certainly a reasonable amount of time considering the number of components provided in the box -- the marker maker contraption, 5 pieces for each marker, 2 beakers, 3 bottles of ink, a color chart, tweezers, and 2 boxes and a set of labels for the completed markers - but ten minutes is a long time for young children to wait patiently when there are very tempting items like ink and small plastic pieces lying around.  To avoid having to forcefully disassemble markers that have been incorrectly assembled by little impatient hands, I recommend that an adult get everything set up before calling the kids to the table.  The recommended age on the box is 8+.  I would say 10+ without adult supervision (due to the strength required to operate the press and the logic required to make sense of the instructions) and 3+ with adult supervision.  My 4-year-old son and 8-year-old daughter both loved making these markers.  The red, blue, and yellow ink can be used alone to make bright primary color markers or can be combined to create different shades of purple, green, and orange.  Here's how it works:  ink of the desired color(s) is squirted into a beaker, the foam core of the marker is placed into the beaker until the ink is absorbed, and the core is then moved to the marker barrel that has been loaded into the press contraption.  Firm pressure is applied to the handle of the press contraption until the barrel, tip, and end plug of the marker snap together.  After a couple of minutes, the ink will be absorbed into the tip of the marker and the marker will be ready to use.  My children enjoyed all aspects of this activity:  selecting a color from the color chart, measuring and pouring the ink into the beaker, assembling the marker components, designing the label for each marker, and coloring the box for the completed markers.  They have been using their markers proudly just about every day.  The one downside of the Marker Maker is that it doesn't take very long to make 16 markers - my kids finished in about an hour.  Crayola sells a refill kit that comes with enough supplies to make 12 additional markers.  We'll be ordering it for another rainy day.
This is a great set for younger children. My daughter is 9 years old and was so excited to get this. She had a blast for over an hour playing around making markers and concocting colors and she still has plenty to make.What you get is a nicely made and completely contained kit that folds open for use and folds up to carry and store. Then you get parts for making 16 markers including the nib, tube, foam insert, end cap and cap. There are three ink bottles and two mixing tubes. There is a mixing chart as well to use as a guide but you can also create your own color combinations. Coming up with fun color names adds to the creativity.My daughter had a blast making her own markers, labeling them and writing with them. She especially liked watching the ink wick up the foam insert and nib.I like how they are self contained, there is very little chance of making a big mess and parental involvement includes just basic supervision.Refills are availableCrayola Marker Refill Packand will make the kit last longer. I'm not sure what would happen if you added more ink to an existing marker once it runs out but there is plenty of ink left over.***UPDATE*** I have to comment on pricing. Retail is usually around $20-25. I've seen it lower at other stores and I actually purchased an additional kit yesterday to keep as a gift and it was in the low teens. It is worth checking back periodically to see what the price is since it has fluctuated as much as $17 in a day.***
I thought this was a pretty cool idea but I was really surprised at how much my son loved this.  This set lets you make 16 markers.  It comes with 3 bottles of dye (red, blue, and yellow) and a color chart for mixing up the various shades.  There are 2 little 15 mL beakers (attached to a large base) that you fill according to the color chart (for example, 3 mLs blue plus 12 mLs red for a certain shade of purple).  You then add a wick to the dye and once it absorbs all the ink, you transfer this (using specially provided tweezers) into an empty barrel.  You add a tip and then you push it together using a special lever until it pops 3 times.  You label it up and you are done.  My son (who is 6) thought this was the coolest thing ever.  He needed a little parent help to get started and then he was fine on his own.  He made all 16 markers in one morning.  The markers he made worked very well too.  This is a cute little toy that has the added benefit of being a practical guide to how the secondary colors (orange, green, and purple) are made.  This would be a really great birthday gift.
My two daughters (ages 7 and 9) and I had a blast with this marker maker one Saturday afternoon. It works just as the box says it will. There are endless possibilities of colors you can make. My kids did want to stop after they had each made two, the bottles of the ink were a little tough for them to squeeze and their hands had gotten tired. I also made two markers myself and found it very easy to do! The best part about it was watching the ink seep into the marker. I think this kit would make a fantastic gift for any kid over the age of 3!
The six-year old kidlet got this as a birthday gift, and decided that this was going to be the craft project for the day and I was going to be the one to help him with it.The reason why I decided to write this review is because I was really impressed on how well Crayola thought out the design and manufacture of this product.  It is probably the most well-designed and sturdy one that I have come across.  The case that will hold all the supplies, first of all, comes fully assembled - so that's one less step for the adults. Someone really put some thought into it because it contains a tray to store the instructions and labels and color chart, a tray to hold the measuring containers (and designed so you can temporarily lock them in place to avoid spills, while containing any that might occur), the clear side lids flip open to form upright holders for the markers while the color is being absorbed into the tip, while the interior of the container is divided into segments to hold the dye bottles and unused marker pieces securely.  Everything locks into place by means of a handle that also doubles as the device you use to snap the competed marker together tightly.  And, they included two cardboard boxes that you fold together to store the created markers; the boxes are designed so that they can be colored in themselves. And a set of tweezers to hold the markers. Oh, and there are also labels included so you can write down the names of the colors you created and affix them to the markers.  Importantly of all, the instructions are clear - with pictures.There is enough dye and marker pieces to create 16 markers in the set.  There is a color chart coordinated with the measuring cups that allows you to create a wide range of specific colors.  My little guy had great fun making the colors shown, and then he decided that he was going to mix his own colors so we also managed to get black, brown, olive green and army green.  As a result of this project, he understood color creation better, not to mention the various ways to add numbers to reach the number 15 - since each color on the chart was created by adding two different color amounts so that the sum would total to the number 15 mark on the measuring cup.I can't stress how much he loved this toy.  We made all sixteen markers at one sitting, though I'd imagine that most kids would make the project last a bit longer.  There was still some dye left over and a few extra pieces.  I see that Crayola offers refill packages and I'm definitely going to get some.  What also impressed me about this product was how tidy it was.  The kids and I have done projects with dyes in the past, so the little guy automatically went looking for some plastic gloves and I cut out a plastic trash bag for him to use as a smock - but they were totally unnecessary.  The kid played with color dyes and stayed clean!  I stayed clean!  It was unprecedented in our experience.  The dyes also rinsed off easily from the measuring cups and from the tray they were in, just under running water.This was truly one of the best-designed and fun projects we've ever worked on and I can't recommend it highly enough.
The Crayola Marker Maker was fun and easy to use.  The set up was very easy - and the instructions were clear and simple to follow.I used it with kids ranging from 5 - 13 years of age, and they each loved it.  Some followed the included color chart (great for learning a bit about color theory) and others (including me) decided to just mix it up and see what colors we came up with.Once complete, the markers worked very well and all of us were pleased.The five year olds did spill a bit of ink, but I found it very easy to clean up.I mentioned that it was fun once.  The fact is that the kids enjoyed it, but have no desire to do it again.  It's cheaper and easier just to buy markers, but they did enjoy seeing how the colors were mixed and how they could make them on their own.
This is a fantastic gift item for 7 - 12 year olds. I supervised my 11 year old child use this product to make a bunch of markers and I am impressed with the thought Crayola put into designing it. They have thought of everything and included all the tools and supplies. The kit will make 16 markers. We stopped after 8 markers, but all the remaining supplies go neatly into kit for storage and future use.Pros:- Teaches children how to assemble objects and how a finished product is made. It is like a mini lab/workshop.- Quality of the entire kit is quite good. Even the finished markers are good.- The kit looks attractive and folds neatly into a self-contained storage box with handle. Very nice design overall.Cons:- The labels supplied are of poor quality. They don't stay stuck on to the marker and come off by themselves. Crayola must improve this.- After all the 16 markers are made, a lot of plastic will go to recycling. Sure, Crayola sells refill packs, but who is making so many markers?- Repetitive work would get any child bored after using one kit.Conclusion: Product is good, gives children a fun activity and some education, while producing some useful products for their own use.
"My 9-year-old niece had a blast playing with this kit on her birthday. She's in the perfect age group where she only needed a small amount of adult instruction and assistance and was able to produce markers almost all on her own. She loved making her own ""custom"" colors and quickly went through all the markers. We're currently looking into reordering supplies.I think the only con is how quickly they'll go through the 16 markers! Other than that, this was a big hit for a birthday gift for a crafty kid."
My 7 yr old daughter begged for this when she saw it, and it didn't disappoint.  She has played with it for hours.  She is very artsy and absolutely loves being able to make her own color mixtures (although the enclosed chart is nice too).  I like it because it doesn't make a mess.  This was a HUGE hit!
