Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
I do like this product.  I love crayola crayons.  We have a better one.  Choose this one instead...Crayola 52 0029 150 Count Telescoping SharpenerNot only do you get a HUGE selection of crayons, but you get as little mess possible with small children.  It is so easy for kids to put their crayons back that they are not left all over the counters and floors.  It is also easy for them to choose a crayon without dumping the whole box, as they do with the 24 and 64 crayon boxes.  CRAYONS ARE A CHRISTMAS MUST! Perfect as a small side gift.  All they need is a huge  pack, and a giant pad of paper, or those Barbie/super hero coloring books that are life size (to children anyway).The main difference...the linked product is a telescope tower that is plastic.  This one has what looks like cut off boxes in a plastic holder.  Those boxes aren't going to last really long.  My kids still love the telescope tower.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.04662494733929634,0.04735497757792473,0.046559255570173264,0.04346117004752159,0.04798934981226921,0.049108028411865234,0.04852091148495674,0.047405850142240524,0.04795561730861664,0.04690665006637573,0.0462791882455349,0.04898752272129059,0.04622720554471016,0.044866833835840225,0.04738810658454895,0.05221034213900566,0.04834353178739548,0.04788631573319435,0.04720905423164368,0.05139989033341408,0.04731522873044014
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
"My daughter is 6 and LOVES to color. She absolutely adores this set of crayons! It comes with 152 different crayons, including all the stand-bys from the old 64-count box as well as neon, metallic, glitter, and lots of weirdly-named colors like ""purple pizzazz"" and, my new favorite, ""banana mania"".The crayons come packaged in a great yellow plastic holder that provides easy access to all your favorite colors, and includes a carrying handle and a fantastic little crayon sharpener in the center. The sharpener actually sharpens the crayons so that they keep that same little beveled edge that they come with - love it! - and the storage container is divided into groupings of 16 so that it's easy to put in and take out crayons without them all tipping over and making a mess. We love it!The one negative about this set is that it doesn't include a lid. That's not a problem for us, as our crayons never leave the house, but if you need a set with a lid, you might consider the standard cardboard box,Crayola 120ct Original Crayons, or the deluxe telescoping tower set,Crayola 52-0029 Crayola 150-Count Telescoping Crayon Tower, Storage Case, Sharpener, instead. Overall, however, this set is a little artist's dream, and highly recommended!"
Product Description: With 152 dazzling colors, the Crayola Ultimate Crayon Collection has all the shades kids need to make vibrant, full-color artwork. This collection comes with a bright yellow caddy and a sharpener to keep crayons organized and ready for creating. Featuring rich colors and quality performance, this ultimate set will inspire colorful works of art and offer hours of creation.The caddy is nice and the sharpener is great to have on hand. Here's the deal, the case isn't made to last forever but the crayons aren't going to last forever either. These crayons will last us a few months with the amount of coloring we do. The price is right and the number of crayons you get for the price is pretty darn impressive. 152 colors makes this collection the end all be all of crayon packs.
Look, the caddy thing is nice and the sharpener is nice too, but the case isn't exactly an heirloom that you're going to keep in your playroom forever.  In my house we go through crayons like nobody's business.  In two months, my little ones will have completely worn through these and we'll be buying another box.  So for $15, 152 high quality crayola crayons is a fantastic deal for us.  There is every color you could want in here and some your kid didn't know they wanted.
What's not to love about crayola crayons?  And this is the deluxe package, with every color imaginable and then a few more.  There are neon crayons, sparkle / glitter crayons, and metallic crayons.  It's a huge assortment.  These crayons come in a yellow plastic caddy with a handle on the top and a sharpener built in.  The caddy is divided with cardboard dividers -- imagine tearing the top off of a box of 16 or 24 crayons and then sticking the box in the caddy.  I don't think the cardboard dividers will be very practical in the long run -- and although the yellow plastic container looks nifty when it's brand new, I'm not sure how practical it will be once the crayons are worn down.  But who really cares about the caddy -- the cool think about this is SO MANY COLORS!!My main gripe -- my box had only 136 crayons.  One of the inner cardboard boxes that should have held 16 crayons was nowhere to be found.  I have no idea what's missing, and I couldn't in my wildest imagine think of another color I might need -- but still, when the box says 152 crayons you expect 152 crayons!  I'm surprised that a problem like that would make it through any quality control process.Still -- HOURS OF FUN in this item!  Heck, I had fun just reading all of the clever new color names!  GREAT product!
Hard to rate a box of crayons but here goes.  I got these for my son so he's never, ever, ever, ever, ever run out of crayons.  And this box does the trick.  His eyes lit up when he saw the box with all 152 crayons in it. The nice part is that the crayons are split out into individual packs so you can just hand out a 8 or so at a time.  It never fails to amaze me that there are so many different colors for crayons but there are.  The included crayon sharpener is also a nice feature to have.I noticed that a few other reviewers complained about the colors being scattered throughout the packs.  My son could have cared less and was plenty happy just to have a plethora of crayons to play with.  Plus they're all new and not some of the stumpy ones that he's been using.I should also mention that we're not using the caddy but use a lovely shoe box for all of them.  Works just as well and my son likes it.  Very high tech solution.  :)
"We've been using this one for a few weeks now, and my kids seem to be pretty pleased.  While not a perfect product, it's about as thorough a set of crayons as you're going to find.  Some positives and negatives:Pros1) With 152 crayons included, the scope is incredible.  There definitely won't be any complaints regarding a lack of variety.2) The price is tough to beat, at less than a dime per crayon.3) The crayons are of excellent quality, as you'd expect from Crayola.4) The crayons fit neatly into their case, making for easy storage in terms of space.Cons1) The colors are not organized very logically.  Granted this is something that you can arrange yourself, but it would have make sense to have all the blues in one spot, the reds in another, etc.2) An ""open"" system like a carousel would make it easier for kids to find a particular color, as compared to sorting through a box.  Of course, this would also mean more difficult storage and likely a higher cost.Overall, I'd say this is an excellent, reasonably-priced product.  The cons are minor ones, and the complaint about organization is easily remedied.  Another winner from Crayola."
As a marketing professional, I bring a critical perspective to products that others might see in a much simpler light.  Take a crayon case, for example.  Crayola, the KING of crayons, thought consumers would love a case to hold 152 crayons.  I thought my kids would love it, too.  After receiving it and trying it out, I cannot help but think of all the cool things this case could have been, rather than just a yellow hunk of plastic that holds crayons.I normally like to point out all the great things about products, but this is an exception.  Other than holding 152 crayons, this case really does not offer much.  Instead, I will focus on all the things YOU WILL NOT FIND with this product, that would have been really neat.THINGS I WISH THIS CASE OFFERED, BUT IT DOES NOT:1. Spinning/Carousel Base: It is impossible for a little one to see all the crayons that are arranged to face 4 different directions around the center of the case.  So, why not make the case rotate, rather than making the kid walk around it or pick up the entire case?2. Grouping/Organization: Rather than 152 colors dispersed somewhat randomly, why not use the case to help bring some sort of organization to the colors?  For instance, there is one box that is full of metallics.  There is another box full of glitter crayons.  However, the only way I knew this was by pulling out the individual crayons and using deductive reasoning.  Why not label the groups and do more groups to help make sense of such a large assortment?3. A Lid with a Clasp: There is a very cheap plastic lid with this case that I am certain will be discarded by most purchasers who think it is simply packing material--not worthy of keeping for the long haul.  However, if you don't keep that cheap piece of plastic, then you have NO LID AT ALL.  It would have been nice if they had thought about a case of crayons that will almost certainly be transported by a little one who might drop it.4. Cooler Sharpener: This case has a sharpener, but it is inconveniently located in the middle of the case, and it is sunken down low.  It really isn't even all that easy to see.  Then, to sharpen a crayon, a kid must hold the crayon vertically and turn it.  Sure, all of this is possible, but with a big case like this, a better solution could have been designed that is easier to access and use.5. Refill Friendly Design: My kids use washable crayons, which do not come with this case.  However, the only way that I could put their crayons into this case would be to buy 16-count boxes of crayons, as this case is really only designed to hold that size of box (actually, there is one box in the case that holds 24, but the rest hold 16 crayons).  Practically speaking, the life of this case is going to be pretty short if it is not easy to refill with one's own crayons down the road.In summary, if you are just looking for a throw-away plastic case full of 152 crayons, then this product is for you.  If, on the other hand, you are hoping for a case that is designed to stand the test of time and provide some unique and useful features and benefits for your little ones, you'll be disappointed like me.
"When I was a kid, the 64 crayon box was the ideal and now kids today get this beautiful 152 crayon set that includes a huge variety of colors, even some glittery tones. It comes in a nice, durable case and should provide hours and hours of coloring fun. I can't think of one improvement that I would make to this set and I agree that it truly is the ""ultimate"" set of crayons that I have owned."
"Crayola has so many products out there. You can't beat their quality on crayons. So what is so great about this little box?  For starters, it displays the crayons in a way that you can see all the colors...and in a sturdy container. This is perfect for leaving on a desk and using, but not ideal for transport. You can add boxes from any of their crayon boxes (although ONE is a 3 deep and the rest are 2 deep) to refill it. It comes with fluorescent, shimmery, and regular crayons. Instead of fighting with a built-in sharpener the plastic sharpener fits neatly in the slot and you can leave it out if you want it handy..or it stays upright if you prefer to sharpen straight up and down.For improvements It would be nice if it would spin like a lazy susan. But really, you can turn it ok. It is packaged with a clear topper which is adequate for covering it on your desk (to avoid it getting dusty) but is basically disposable.I'm excited to use it for my art projects, although I suspect my daughter will run off with it from time to time. It's just to inviting having all the crayons displayed!NOTE: I received this product without charge in exchange for my honest review. I was not influenced in any way. *For the price* this deserves 4-5 stars. It's sturdy and fun and has a ton of colors. It'll last much much longer than the typical crayon box.If you found this review helpful, please do me a favor and click ""YES"" below."
My son was very excited to get this huge assortment of colors - and I was happy they came in a standing caddy. The handle and crayon sharpener are great additions. The only thing missing is some kind of permanent lid for storage. I especially want to experiment with the Metallic FX colors......
What more could you ever want in life? A giant, economy size box of crayons in a caddy with a sharpener is pretty much it! But it's even more than that! Can you imagine 152 Crayola Crayons in a case that will allow you to set them up in a way so that you can actually find the colors you are looking for? I'm weak at the knees with the anticipation of all the creativity I will share with this new and magical gift! Gotta love it!
If you ever want to see just how many Crayola crayon colors exist, then get this set! I never knew all these colors were out there! Glittery ones, metallic ones, neon ones, and all the classics are all here. Tons to choose from! And a fantastic crayon sharpener conveniently situated in the middle of the case (about the size of a 16 crayon box), that holds your crayon shavings for later dumping, eliminating the mess! :) The crayons are all easy to access in this case that displays them very securely too. And when your little housing boxes are empty, you can just refill them or replace them with boxes out of a new set. The crayons are all of the exceptionally high quality you have come to know over the many years Crayola has been around. They have vibrant colors with great coverage and never look cheap. As an adult, I use them for crafts, scrapbooks, art, and many other things around the house. But for kids they are obviously the ONLY choice for coloring! :) Crayola is always awesome, and the only crayon brand you ever need! This case is truly the Ultimate set as it has everything you could possibly need! Extremely highly recommended! :)
152 different colors in one case!! I don't care how old you are, coloring never gets old. When these came, my teenage daughter and I drug out the coloring books, piled in my bed, and had a blast coloring! This is an awesome set of crayons. Every color you could ever imagine. There is a nice sharpener and the case is nice. One thing I think would've made it even better is.....make the base to turn. But, you can't have everything right? I wouldn't let small kiddos use these crayons unless you have one who takes good care of their crayons. My grandkids won't be using these any time soon. I'm selfishly keeping them for my daughter and I! Remember, you are never too old to color!!
"My daughters all enjoy coloring so big crayon sets are a must have in our house.  For several years we had a three tiered crayon caddy from Crayola that my girls loved because of the color assortment.  The only drawback to the crayon caddy was the caddy would often collapse on them while they were using it and they would have difficulty getting crayons out of it.  I think this ""Ultimate Crayon Case"" solves the problem of the collapsing tiers quite nicely; and the crayons are easily accessible.  All of the crayons found in the old set are also in this one, as well as the removable crayon sharpener.After using this set for a week my girls tell me the new design is much better than the old one.  And seeing how they haven't had any issues with stuck crayons, I'd have to agree that this design is far better."
"Who doesn't love a shiny new box of Crayola crayons?  When I was little, my family could not afford anything bigger than the school-required box--I think at the time it was 16 crayons.  I recall looking longingly at the 49-count box, and the 64-count box was definitely out of the question.So now, along comes this great box of 152 crayons, and I could not resist.  I am tempted to say that you will find every color known to man in this set of crayons, but I have been to a paint store recently and I know that is not true.  However, I feel safe in saying you will find every color you could ever want.  The classics?  Yes.  Glitter crayons?  Got 'em.  Neon colors?  Yup!  There is even a handy-dandy crayon sharpener in the center of the box.  The plastic cover is a bit flimsy, but that is my only critique.Each summer, a group I belong to collects school supplies for needy children in our area.  We scrutinize ""Back to School"" supply lists, and I note that every single school specifies  a 24-count box of Crayola crayons.  The competing brands are just not acceptable, and I think the teachers are wise to insist on Crayola.  You just cannot go wrong.  Happy artistic endeavors with your new rainbow of color!"
I do like this product.  I love crayola crayons.  We have a better one.  Choose this one instead...Crayola 52 0029 150 Count Telescoping SharpenerNot only do you get a HUGE selection of crayons, but you get as little mess possible with small children.  It is so easy for kids to put their crayons back that they are not left all over the counters and floors.  It is also easy for them to choose a crayon without dumping the whole box, as they do with the 24 and 64 crayon boxes.  CRAYONS ARE A CHRISTMAS MUST! Perfect as a small side gift.  All they need is a huge  pack, and a giant pad of paper, or those Barbie/super hero coloring books that are life size (to children anyway).The main difference...the linked product is a telescope tower that is plastic.  This one has what looks like cut off boxes in a plastic holder.  Those boxes aren't going to last really long.  My kids still love the telescope tower.
Obviously you are getting Crayola crayons, but what I like most about this is the container the crayons come in. The crayons are accessable from all directions, it has a handle to carry it and it can be refilled just by placing in new boxes of crayons. There is also a crayon sharpener included in its own storage area. The base is wide and stable so there is no chance it will fall over and spill crayons. My only suggestion would be a more permanent cover. We have kept the plastic cover used for packaging to cover our crayons, but a more substancial cover would have been a nice touch.
My family loves Crayola! We have so many Crayola items that I swear we could sponsor my daughter's art class for the entire year. This is another great product that I especially love. We have the Giant 200 count bucket, where my kids store all their crayons. I thought that would be a good organizing tool for their crayons, but somehow I still find crayons everywhere. The one thing I can't find is the top to that bucket. This container has no top. (Some reviewers have mentioned a flimsy cover but I tossed that as packaging. It didn't strike me as a cover. Besides a cover is unnecessary.) The crayons fit in their sleeves, in the holder. This seems to work better for my kids. Instead of tossing their crayons into a bucket, they have to fit them in properly. I believe this is the reason that they keep all of these crayons together. so well. It also comes with a sharpener. It has a handle in the middle for easy transport. So far, none of the crayons are missing and they are kept neat.
I'm very pleased by this Ultimate Crayon Case. What I love about it, is that so far, it is the only one my kid has reliably put his crayons back into after use. I don't know what kind of magic this is. But I am taking it. It has a little handle on top to make it easier to carry around and a sharpener in the middle. There are also some glitter crayons in here, which is the first I've seen of them but my kid loves them.
The Ultimate Crayon Collection contains 152 different colored crayons in a handy plastic caddy. (The next biggest set holds 150 crayons) Also included is a nice sized crayon sharpener.  Included in this collection are glitter, metallic and neon crayons, as well as your more traditional colors.My artistic 12 year old thought this set was very cool and has enjoyed trying out the different colors. She mentioned she was surprised that they did not mention the neon colors on the outside packaging.The caddy is sturdy enough, but I wish the clear plastic lid was sturdier and actually locked closed to prevent spills when storing.If you or someone in your house loves crayons, this is the ultimate collection for them.
Ah, the smell of new Crayons! I sure remember that from my childhood. And you won't get a more pungent reminder than from this ultimate box of 152 different colors!So, what's there to say about Crayons? You know 'em, you love 'em. They're the best in their class.The order arrived in the dead of summer and I was afraid they would be melted and ruined, but they arrived in perfect condition. The set comes with a rigid container that holds all the crayons in 9 sub-compartments and includes a sharpener. We bought a similar set a couple of years ago - the main difference being that the original set telescoped - you pulled up on the center and it transformed into a kind of conical pyramid of Crayons. This one does not do that. There are pros and cons to both, but this fixed rack is probably slightly easier to work with.Enjoy!
