Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
"Note: this review is from grandparents, acquiring gifts for 3 and 5-yr-old grandkids, often to be shipped over distance. I rate toys for ""gift impact,"" measured by the youngsters' excitement and (reported) response. I intend to help other grandparents and anyone buying gifts for a child not their own, who often order on Amazon and have delivered directly. Hard to know sometimes what you're buying! If you're a parent looking for what another parent thought, you'll find plenty of these reviews elsewhere.In our opinion, this IS A GREAT GIFT for a little girl who has her share of Barbies and other dolls. This is a creative new take on a classic doll! For those who didn't know, the doll itself is over 50-years-old now, created by Ruth Handler of Wisconsin, who co-founded Mattel toys (Ken, when he came along, was named after her son). By the way, Mariposa Barbie is featured in a new DVD - an animated adventure that takes this ""flying"" Barbie to a far off land. THE DOLL DOES NOT COME WITH THE DVD - contrary to what you might expect from looking at the box, which shows the DVD cover in a couple of places, and does not say it is not in the box. I think they could have made it clearer that the DVD is sold separately.Barbie Mariposa & the Fairy PrincessIt sells for about $15 to $20, depending on the format(s) you order. (There are books as well; hardcover and KindleMariposa and the Fairy Princess (Barbie) (Little Golden Book))I remember Barbie from her older incarnations, when my own daughter was young - Fashion Barbie, say, who came with a change of gowns and plastic slippers, or Beach Barbie in a bathing suit and surfboard (if memory serves).""Mariposa Barbie"" is an exotic, different creature! She has gorgeous, shiny fushsia and orange wings, with black markings, sprouting from her back. The plastic machinelike attachment device is a little strange, but no doubt necessary, as your little one will turn a button to transform the wings into a beautiful long gown - and then, with the touch of a button at Barbie's neck, they unfurl into their butterfly shape. (""Mariposa,"" of course, is Spanish for butterfly).This Barbie, like most of them, is nearly a foot tall. She's a blonde, and pretty as Barbies always are. Someone else said her eyes are too close together. We don't get that - she looks like Barbie. Others complained that she can't wear general Barbie clothes, due to the wing device on her back. Obviously true! Our own little princess has lots of other Barbies for dress-up. Not necessary, in our opinion. This Barbie entertains because of her uniqueness.By the way, this version of Mariposa Barbie sells for $25 (at this time). There's also an elaborate Barbie Mariposa & the Fairy Princess Playset, which might make a follow-up gift, or perhaps something another member of the family could purchase, to make a powerful one-two comboBarbie Mariposa and The Fairy Princess Playset. Be warned, though: it's $45, which may be too rich for some. By the way, for those who like the idea of Mariposa Barbie, but find the price tag a bit too much, you can get this less elaborate versionBarbie Mariposa and The Fairy Princess Mariposa Dollfor $13.The full-wing Mariposa Barbie will have great ""gift impact."" Recommended!"

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.04774634167551994,0.05009203776717186,0.048798974603414536,0.0488797128200531,0.050353631377220154,0.048603057861328125,0.04778219014406204,0.046437207609415054,0.04544563964009285,0.04878754913806915,0.04783948138356209,0.046528808772563934,0.04820138216018677,0.04042893275618553,0.04827147349715233,0.049104440957307816,0.04797473922371864,0.04220973700284958,0.04793103411793709,0.05201498419046402,0.04656866192817688
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
"We have the Barbie Mariposa playhouse, and having the coordinating Barbie is a major plus. I think the whole Mariposa set is probably best for older Barbie users as it is all quite delicate. I think a younger girl would probably find this toy limiting and possibly even have trouble with the back mechanism (that controls the wings), and might eventually break this.I don't rate the toy badly for that. Growing up I ""grew"" into the more niche Barbies (like one with stamp pad boots and cuttable hair). My mom never would've trusted me with those as a little girl, and I think this one is such a doll.For an older girl, this will be a great companion."
A Barbie even my wife approves of, that is saying something. My wife is not a Barbie fan but our daughter is fairy obsessed. This looked like a marvelous, if you are going to get her one Barbie, opportunity. Well our daughter loves it, Mariposa gets a lot of use, and it is a very nice product in person.The wings use a twist on the back to become a skirt. Even our daughter can do this transition pretty easily. Then a necklace acts as a release button to unfurl the wings into their full open position. It is fun and the wings fairly shimmer in person.The dress and the boots are also very well-done. If you are considering a Barbie for a fairy loving little one this will be a hit. Recommended.
This doll is really pretty with her wings and her outfit. She can bend her legs and sit, her arms stay long. I like that it is not made with screws just bendable leg material. We had problems with the barbies with the screwed in knees and elbows. This doll is fun for her wings that rotate around and bend down to become and dress. The dress is not as flashy as the opened wings and not as pretty down and unfortunately kinda weird looking. But my girls haven't complained. What they did say was they wished they could dress her in other things but this is impossible because there is a large plastic pink part that sticks out of the back that makes the wings work. So they have to have the barbie as she is. They can take the wings on and off and they have liked doing that. I do really like the shoes too, easier to keep on and to find when they fall off.
We got the Mariposa Barbie through the Vine Program, and fortunately it showed up by the day that the Barbie Mariposa movie came out on DVD. So we rented that and she (my almost-4-year-old granddaughter) got to play with the doll at the same time the movie was on. She loved it.And loved the doll so much she just HAD to take it home when her Mom picked her up from me... and I haven't seen it since. Because she (obviously) spends more time with her parents than her grandparents -- meaning moi -- I don't expect it ever WILL be back here again, frankly.And that's a GOOD thing, because it tells me she still loves that doll.What more needs to be said?
If you do nothing else but buy this doll to put in a curio cabinet, then you've done well!  It is definitely one of the most beautiful Barbie dolls I've ever seen!  Her wings are just gorgeous - fuschia and black, mixed with glitter is so gorgeous.  She's functional too - the wings make up her ball gown and when she's ready to fly, zip, then the gown turns into wings!  Just lots of oohs and ahhs at this house and the girls just love her!  She is a wonderful complement to the DVD too - just an added thing to bring the movie to life.One suggestion, however.  Since she's quite gorgeous, I would, even at this price, recommend that you buy one for play and buy a second to put away to save.  Unless extreme care is taken with the doll, I don't think the wings would continue to function, say 20 years from now, with excessive play.  Also, here in Ohio, this is a great price here on amazon.  She's over thirty dollars at the stores here.  Other than that, highly recommend!
Along with the corresponding play set this makes a great toy.  Entertains my niece for hours.  Lots of imaginative play time.  I recommend this.
"My 3 y/o daughter loves her ""bawby"" that she also says is a ""fluttafly"" If it makes her happy, I'm happy.  Yes these wings will break off over time but they sure are pretty and tastefully colored.  The little knob on the back to close the wings I think is unnecessary and a trifle bit of pain for little fingers. Hey it's a Barbie with wings.  Your daughter will be happy with this purchase."
My girls enjoyed this doll but it didn't get as much play time as some standard barbie dolls.They might play with barbies for hours.  And the bit where they dress converts into wings isn't really used that much.They do like having a flying barbie, its cool for them, but the main action of the doll isn't used that much.Overall I think its fun for them, and they enjoy it, so it gets 4 stars.
This Barbie doll is a seven-year-old's dream. It's a ballerina. It's a butterfly. It's pink. It's glittery. It's very, very, very glittery. That's beautiful in a box, not so much in a kid's room, or on her little brother, or on the cat, or in her hair. And while it provided a big bang out of the box, my daughter hasn't touched it since because it's just not very playable.From the front, the Mariposa Fairy Princess doll is very pretty. But the side and rear view are less than pleasant because Barbie has a HUGE contraption built into her back to hold her fairy wings. A little knob on her back can be hand-cranked to turn down her wings, which fold over her legs to create a gown. It's kind of clever, but only for a few minutes. The wings don't flutter, they don't unfurl slowly and beautifully. Instead, they are covered in glitter which comes off pretty easily and is rather a mess. My daughter got hung up on her hair, which looks short in the product description and on the package, but is really just standard length Barbie hair caught up in a ponytail.This Barbie doll is just too much feature and not enough fun.
PROS: I love her shoes, her dress, and her wings. The wings aren't as large an impediment to movement as I would have thought. Her legs bend and she can sit.CONS: I don't really care for the look of the skirt when the wings are down. It doesn't look much like a skirt and the material looks cheap. The wings are not shiny on the back and so it doesn't make for an impressive look.My doll's face is so so. If you've ever shopped for a doll in the store, you know not every doll looks exactly the same despite being the same doll. The eyes on the doll I received are too close together.It takes a LOT of spinning to pin down the wings. My daughter had a lot of difficulty with this mechanism.She will probably be unable to wear any other Barbie clothing because of the mechanics on her back used to lower the wings.I really hate that it seems to be that piercing a doll's head with plastic ties to hold her in place is becoming standard procedure. Maybe it's me, but I always end up with plastic stuck in the doll's head. Wire around the neck will be fine to hold her in position.3.5 - 4 STARS: My daughter actually likes this doll and plays with her along with her Disney Fairy dolls. And that's what matters most.
What fun it is to have this Barbie and get the DVD, so you can be part of the movie while watching it! I love how the Butterfly wings wrap around Mariposa. It reminds me how Jesus Christ wraps Himself around me for protection.  To me the Butterfly symbolizes transformation.  I love how the butterfly starts out as a caterpillar and transforms into a butterfly.  It reminds me how I want to transform my life more into Jesus' Character.  Jesus' Blessings and Peace
The doll looks beautiful in the box, but once removed the concept gets in the way of play. So, I wonder if this doll is meant to be left in the box as a display piece because the process to unfurl the wings, and fold down the wings is a bit clunky and awkward for a child. Additionally, it creates more of a mechanical toy, like a Transformer, than a doll.The backpack contraption permanently installed in the back of the doll is intrusive both visually and practically. The mechanism does not operate smoothly. And, the glitter on the wings seemed to get on everything, again causing me to think that perhaps the doll should be left in the box as a display item rather than used as an actual toy.It is clear that the intention was creative but the execution unsuccessful. It might have been preferable to just create a less high-tech, more flexible costume that included Mariposa wings that could be worn by simply slipping the doll's arms through a loop at each shoulder, and when the child tired of that, remove the wings and perhaps slip on a beautiful long skirt to create the idea of a ball gown for the Fairy Princess.I wanted to like the doll, loved the way it looked, but the functionality simply was not there.
This is a lovely Barbie doll for the young fairy princess in your life. Or for yourself, if you collect Barbies! She's a beauty! She glitters, too. I'm not sure how long the wings will last with rough handling. This is a great holiday gift idea for the Barbie fan who will handle her with care.
There are two dolls in the Marisposa collection and each one is a magical addition to the Barbie family. First, there is the Fairy Princess Mariposa Doll. She is made with gigantic wings that remind me of a monarch butterfly.  They are almost as big as she is and definitely help imagination take flight. The really cool thing about the doll is that you can take the wings and wrap them around her waist, creating a equally stunning ball gown. Just press the button on her necklace to once again transform her into a butterfly princess.  The wings are a little fragile so you will have to be careful with her.***Portion of review from post on New Age Mama. Complimentary copy received in exchange for an honest review***
This is a pretty doll. The wings are so big and awkward; it seems this attraction is all about the wings fluttering. It does not. It makes one flip and that is it. Still, it is colorful and a nice doll.
If your little girl loves fairies, she'll love playing with this doll. But that is all this doll is really good for.Doll can't really wear any other Barbie fashions, so it's not a dress-up doll. It's cute in a generic Barbie way, but not versatile at all.Having said all that, my daughter loves this doll. She loves fairies so she plays with it constantly, but once she grows out of the fairy phase, this doll is done for.
Wow, this is loved! We haven't seen the movie - and considering that I find Barbie movies to be insufferable, probably won't see it - but it's great fun without that context. My daughter loves fairies, and I was impressed at how well and smoothly the wings fold down and twirl back up. The materials and aesthetic are impressive, and my girl loves to play with her!My only complaints are: (1) Once the wings are attached, it's really hard to get them off. That's kind of a good thing for durability, but my daughter occasionally asks me to remove them, and that's really hard. and (2) the wings don't usually fold down as cleanly as the picture shows. Usually, both parts of each wing end up in front of her instead of one part in front and one part in back, making her look like she has a dress from the front but like the back part is missing. This is easily fixed by manually relocating the wings, and my daughter doesn't mind it, so it's not a big deal, but worth noting.
"Those were the first words from my child upon seeing this doll, so it looks like we picked a good one!Here's what she thought of it:WHAT DID YOU LIKE ABOUT THIS DOLL?+ It was easy to get the doll out of her box, it didn't take a long time and she looks really pretty.+ The instructions were easy to put her wings together.+ The wings are fun to wind up and watch them unfold with the button on her necklace!+ Her wings are so big and full of color, just like a real butterfly!+ I can give her other shoes, the vine-shoes she wears can come off, it just takes a little work.WHAT DID YOU NOT LIKE ABOUT THIS DOLL?- I think the wing thing on her back might break, if it does, I won't play with it as much...but if that doesn't break, I'll always love it!MY IMPRESSIONS:This is one colorful doll. The starry glitter on the wings is very pretty, and my child absolutely loves playing with this doll and her Peter Pan doll - birds of a feather, and all that.The doll's arms don't need to be in ""field goal"" position for the wings to fly up (as the instructions show), you can have them at a low angle and the wings will still flap out...you just can't have her arms down at her sides.Since this doll has a ""jet-pack"" on her back, she won't sit well in most Barbie furniture, but that's okay, since our child typically has this doll flying around with her wings spread. The dress it folds down to is rather plain, but that's okay in our child's book.Younger children might see a drop off in play after the novelty of 'Look, her wings open!' gets old, so be wary before dropping your hard-earned money on this doll. I'm also not fond of the lack of changable outfits, but to each their own.Our kiddo loves it, hopefully yours will too."
My daughter loves the Mariposa movies and was excited to try the Barbie doll. The doll itself is very pretty with potential for a lot of fun. However, after assembling the wings and playing with the doll for less than an hour, the mechanism broke. Now we have a doll with limp wings and no way to fix it. It's also very limited in that you can't change the clothes easily nor take the wings off once you have them on. For the price, I guess I expected better quality.
"Note: this review is from grandparents, acquiring gifts for 3 and 5-yr-old grandkids, often to be shipped over distance. I rate toys for ""gift impact,"" measured by the youngsters' excitement and (reported) response. I intend to help other grandparents and anyone buying gifts for a child not their own, who often order on Amazon and have delivered directly. Hard to know sometimes what you're buying! If you're a parent looking for what another parent thought, you'll find plenty of these reviews elsewhere.In our opinion, this IS A GREAT GIFT for a little girl who has her share of Barbies and other dolls. This is a creative new take on a classic doll! For those who didn't know, the doll itself is over 50-years-old now, created by Ruth Handler of Wisconsin, who co-founded Mattel toys (Ken, when he came along, was named after her son). By the way, Mariposa Barbie is featured in a new DVD - an animated adventure that takes this ""flying"" Barbie to a far off land. THE DOLL DOES NOT COME WITH THE DVD - contrary to what you might expect from looking at the box, which shows the DVD cover in a couple of places, and does not say it is not in the box. I think they could have made it clearer that the DVD is sold separately.Barbie Mariposa & the Fairy PrincessIt sells for about $15 to $20, depending on the format(s) you order. (There are books as well; hardcover and KindleMariposa and the Fairy Princess (Barbie) (Little Golden Book))I remember Barbie from her older incarnations, when my own daughter was young - Fashion Barbie, say, who came with a change of gowns and plastic slippers, or Beach Barbie in a bathing suit and surfboard (if memory serves).""Mariposa Barbie"" is an exotic, different creature! She has gorgeous, shiny fushsia and orange wings, with black markings, sprouting from her back. The plastic machinelike attachment device is a little strange, but no doubt necessary, as your little one will turn a button to transform the wings into a beautiful long gown - and then, with the touch of a button at Barbie's neck, they unfurl into their butterfly shape. (""Mariposa,"" of course, is Spanish for butterfly).This Barbie, like most of them, is nearly a foot tall. She's a blonde, and pretty as Barbies always are. Someone else said her eyes are too close together. We don't get that - she looks like Barbie. Others complained that she can't wear general Barbie clothes, due to the wing device on her back. Obviously true! Our own little princess has lots of other Barbies for dress-up. Not necessary, in our opinion. This Barbie entertains because of her uniqueness.By the way, this version of Mariposa Barbie sells for $25 (at this time). There's also an elaborate Barbie Mariposa & the Fairy Princess Playset, which might make a follow-up gift, or perhaps something another member of the family could purchase, to make a powerful one-two comboBarbie Mariposa and The Fairy Princess Playset. Be warned, though: it's $45, which may be too rich for some. By the way, for those who like the idea of Mariposa Barbie, but find the price tag a bit too much, you can get this less elaborate versionBarbie Mariposa and The Fairy Princess Mariposa Dollfor $13.The full-wing Mariposa Barbie will have great ""gift impact."" Recommended!"
A very underwhelming doll. The wings are hard to attach to the doll - took many tries to jam them in. There's no educational value to the doll and it's not much fun either. After flapping the wings back and forth a few times, my niece was bored and quickly gave up on the doll.When down, the wings are barely passable for a gown. And you can't completely turn her into a normal doll either since the attachments for the wings are stuck to her back.
