Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
"When my four year old boy saw a picture of this toy, he wanted it.  When I saw that it had ties to Disney and Pixar, I thought well, it should be fun and it should work, so I ordered it as part of the Amazon Vine program.  When it arrived, I handed to my eight year old son, who is very good at assembling these kind of toys (he enjoys and has had a lot of practice in building play train sets over the past several years).  But after about 5 minutes, he informed me that he wasn't interested in trying to build this.  ""Well, ok"", I thought, ""maybe it's a little tough for him, but I'm an engineer.  How tough can it be?""  Below are my thoughts on assembling and playing with this toy.Well, first off it's a lot harder to build than it should be.  The instructions were just pictures and it wasn't always evident what was supposed to be connecting to what.  But worse, the parts don't all fit together well.  But after a short while, I had it assembled and ready to play.  The ""special"" part of the toy is that when the car goes down one lane, it triggers most of the track to revolve over a different track (there are two different track sections that flip).  When it works correctly, it's really neat.  But because the parts don't fit together well, it usually doesn't work.  Worse, usually only one section of the track flips, and the different track styles don't link, so you have to stop and fix it.  The next problem is that the car is prone to jump the track or get stuck.  Next problem ... the ""pumper"" has a tendency to jam, so you have to take the top part off and re-install (not difficult but something that happens a lot).  And even when it doesn't jam, it doesn't always work well enough to keep the car running.  Next problem ... the parts snap together, but when you're pumping and playing, some of the parts unsnap themselves, usually messing up the track ""flip"".  Well you get the picture.If the toy worked as it should, it could be a lot of fun.  But as it stands, it's a huge disappointment and I can't recommend it whatsoever.  Score one for my eight year old; he wasted a lot less time on it than I did.  One star."

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.05565077066421509,0.05508789047598839,0.05350545048713684,0.05414140596985817,0.05381777882575989,0.05395781248807907,0.054770082235336304,0.05720391124486923,0.05543715879321098,0.05448088049888611,0.05593940615653992,0.05439916253089905,0.05891634523868561,0.05847225338220596,0.055779170244932175,0.05876382812857628,0.049397896975278854,0.0602787584066391
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
"Disney/Pixar Cars Micro Drifters Trackset seemed like the perfect toy for my grandson who is 3 and LOVES anything CARS!  However, this Micro Drifters Fast Flip Transforming Speedway just didn't execute as it was supposed to. It doesn't use batteries which I thought was a plus until we realized we had to keep on pumping which was tiresome and loud and even then, there wasn't enough ""juice"" to make the cars go properly.  The flip function is supposed to make it into two tracks as it smartly turns from one to the other with a flip...well, good luck in getting it to flip properly and then work with the cars once you do.  My grandson was excited by it at first when the cars worked most of the time (I say cars as I invested in several Micro Drifters so we would have more than the one that comes with the set).  It didn't take long however for the flipper to not flip so we couldn't use the other track and then the cars didn't work well on the track that remained. Much of the time, they either flew off the track set or got stuck. After a while, my little guy just gave up and being 3, was content to roll these tiny cars around by hand on the floor and push them to race against each other. Thus, the track was deemed useless for the most part and he would have nothing to play with had I not bought extra cars ahead of time. SUCH A DISAPPOINTMENT....the makers should be ashamed!"
"My son has the Disney/Pixar Cars Micro Drifters Fast-Flip Carry Case which goes with this and he loves it. This item, however, is not the best race track to get.First, it's a bear to put together. Many different parts and stickers that don't really fit where they are supposed to go, make this at least an hour project for the parent. Maybe more if you aren't good at matching up the diagrams with the instruction sheet, which is not an easy task. I'm not usually one who gets tripped up by instruction sheets, but there are a couple of items that look very similar and are easy to confuse on this one. Also, one of the attachments was so hard to click together right, I spent 15 minutes, just on that one thing.When the track was finally together, we tried it out, but it didn't work exactly right. The cars tend to jam in the pump-action booster and by the third try, I was ready to give up. My son was eager to play, though, so he worked with it for about 20 more turns before the track actually ""flipped"" like it's supposed to. The track flip was pretty cool, but it doesn't work all the way. The round part of the track flips, but the arm that extends down to the booster only turns half way because it is too big to make a full circle without hitting the ground. For that arm to work, you would have to have two steady surfaces on other end of the track with nothing under that one arm so it could turn full circle. We tried that, but it still had trouble turning all the way around.You get one Lightning McQueen car for this track and the track only works with two cars. Thankfully, my son had another car to use with it. Basically, the first car goes and sets off a lever, then when the second car goes, the track will flip. Without the second car, no flippage.Another problem with this track is that when the cars are ""let go"" into the booster, they tend to flip over or go sideways, getting stuck in the booster. My son could not figure out how to get them out, so I was fishing them out about every ten minutes. At one point, the booster jammed (after about an hour of play) and we thought it was broke forever. There were no cars inside or jamming the system... after about 30 mins, it miraculously wasn't jammed anymore. After that first jam, it jams every once in awhile... probably about 3 times a day.A safety hazard is needed for anyone sitting next to the track. About every 3rd car will go flying off the track and land across the room. My son loves this, but if he were playing with another kid, he would be black and blue by now.All this said, my son still loves playing with it, because it is cars and because he gets to flip cars across the room, but it does not operate as stated."
First, the box is sealed with industrial strength glue, necessitating a razor be used just to get it open. Wordless instructions are not easy to follow and so light that they are difficult to read. Several of the pieces did not fit together properly which made both assembly and play very frustrating - no child could put this together. While the self-powered accelerator is a big improvement over previous Drifters sets with batteries, it jams every other time. All in all, this is headed to the trash heap asap.
The toy's large box comes with a Lightening McQueen car, and not too much more. It was easy to assemble.  The toy did seem to be a little less than sturdy, but my grandson seemed to be having fun with it, and used it along with some of his other cars, etc. It was not inexpensive, and I would hope that it will hold up a little better than it looks. One of my son's boy friends has a similar Pixar set and the boys seem to enjoy it.  Hopefully this unit will hold up for a while.  The most exciting part was the large colorful box the unit came in.  Some assembly is required.
I am a big fan of the Cars movies and I am also a big fan of this toy! So much fun! I think this is just a perfect set for a little boy that loves cars-the movie and the toys. Santa will not disappoint with this delightful gift of racing fun.
OK, we were really excited about this toy, but once we got it together and began using it, it was obvious to us that it wasn't going to work great.  It doesn't flip like it is supposed to when the car goes over it.  We can manually flip it, but it sounds like it is going to break.  I don't see this toy lasting very long.  Also, it only comes with one car, so to race, you have to purchase another car.  This seems to be a typical thing for Disney Car toys.  I would like it more if the flipping part worked like it was supposed to.
Every now and then you buy a toy for your kids and you the parent are more angry over the quality than your kids.  This is a good example.  First off, the whole micro drifter concept is silly.  It's like squinkies, they're just too small and albeit stupid. Now the selling point here is the Cars theme.  Every boy including my two boys still love Cars.  This track set gives the movie some bad cred.  These little cars don't move fluidly on the track, more like tossed around.  Just not a well designed nor well constructed toy. Beware.
"Perhaps it should be no surprise that, having been exposed to the Pixar version so intently: three-year-old Junior, upon seeing the box for this playset, said ""WOW!"" about fifty times.There is some adult assembly involved--took maybe ten minutes--but Junior enjoyed participating because on the competition track there were a lot of stickers to be placed.  Switching from one track to the other, after assembly, requires ""flipping"" one aspect in one direction, and the other part perpendicularly.  After watching Dad do it a few times, he was able to do it himself and even, after Dad left for work, proudly show Mom how it's done.The cars don't run on wheels, but on bearings, which will probably (we'll see!) mean they'll run smoothly for a longer period of time.The dirt and competition tracks each have their appeal: he likes throwing the car down to ""go"" on the dirt track, but on the competition track immediately places it in the ""winner's circle"".The set comes with only one car, and to race, more are required.  Junior has already asked if we can go to the comic store, where he has seen the car sets on display.  The buyer should be prepared that your kids, especially if more than one plays, will want more cars than the one included."
"This is a compact little race track for the ""Micro-Drifter"" Cars. The track comes with 1 car... Lightning McQueen, of course. Being Cars fans around here, we loved the idea of this cute little race track which operates by ""pumping"" the round part to get the cars going. However, it just does not operate very well. It's supposed to be able to flip over to have a choice of tracks, but that seems to add to the flimsiness of the product rather than the versatility. Having so many movable parts that don't connect well makes it hard to use. The idea is very cute. If it were a better quality product I would probably be interested in adding to our Micro-Drifter Cars collection. As it is, I probably won't bother."
This isn't the first Micro Drifters playset to grace my daughter's toy collection, but it's definitely the worst.From the nondescript pictograph instructions, to the cheapest-of-cheap plastic, to stickers that don't stay on, everything about the construction of this toy is bargain basement. To make matters worse, the dirt-track-to-race-track conversion is not very well documented at all, and the pieces constantly snap out of place.The only saving grace with this toy is that the car launcher doesn't use batteries. But even there, the launcher assembly takes lots of well-timed pumps to work properly. Unless your kid is an emerging engineer, it's not likely they're going to figure out the right timing and pressure, adding to the frustration of the hopeless construction.This is awesome if you ever find yourself obligated to give a gift to a kid you hate.
Disney/Pixar Cars Micro Drifters Track set. The directions were poor for putting it together, it is done all by black and white pictures. Not very clear on some parts and very frustrating. When the track flips it does not always snap together as it should, the brown track will flip but the blue one rarely does. The box said 4+ years but this toy is very frustrating for our 5 year old grandson and us too! I would not recommend this toy.
I got this free from vine, thank god - if I'd paid a penny for this I'd be livid.  I'm angry just at having it in my house.  It's so bad I can't  even give it away because I think that would be cruel to the receiver.First, putting it together is a nightmare.  The directions have no words and the pictures are completely unclear.  It also comes with the decals separate and you have to actually follow more directions to figure out where to put all the stickers.  I really hate when toy makers make me put on their stickers.Once I finally got it together, I was sure I must have done something wrong or been missing a piece, because in many places it had big gaps where the picture on the box shows the pieces fitting together. I waited for the engineer husband to get home and fix it, but he only confirmed my fears - that the toy was actually as it was supposed to be.Putting aside the rickety, non-fitting nature of the thing, the more important issue is that it didn't work.  You are supposed to push down the red button, slide the car into the cylinder, and it shoots it out the other side.  But at first when we pushed down on the red button, it didn't budge.  It was stuck somehow.  We jiggled it around a bit and got that working - most of the time - but when the car goes in, about half the time it just gets stuck in there.  I had to fish it out with a pencil.On rare occasions when the car did shoot out, on the blue track side it just flew right off the track.  The brown track worked OK.  But the brown track side wouldn't stay flipped down.  You flip it over and it swings right back.  It doesn't hold in place.Now to all this frustration add a whining 4 year old who really wants to play with his new toy.This toy is completely awful.  Don't buy it.
Our boys are 7 and almost 9.  I thought this would be perfect for them to race each other and keep things interesting.  First, if you're planning for sibling play, be sure to notice it only comes with a single car, so you'll want to buy another at the same time.  Also, the flipping mechanism isn't the best. Our kids can certainly be rough, but even when I tried demonstrating finesse with it, it didn't always do what it was supposed to do.  The push launch isn't that great, either.  It seems the cars either fly or barely move.  Overall, this was short-lived and frustrating for our boys.  Perhaps the construction will improve; I thought it was my assembly, but after reading other reviews, it seems this is a common theme.
My five year old lives cars and tracks and racing toys. He was into this for a few hours and then moved on. I didn't like how the pieces weren't still fully intact by the end of the day. My son may have been a little neglectful but it did seem like the toy wasn't as sturdy as you might think.  It only came with one car and he likes when cars crash. He did say the car went fast which was cool and it seems easy to use for little kids.
"I probably shouldn't even review this product ... because I am still ANGRY about all of the time I WASTED trying to get this ABSOLUTE GARBAGE to assemble ... only to find it doesn't do anything it claims to do.  When I saw someone had given this toy a 5-Star rating I almost fell over.  Then, I realized they were a Vine Member.  There is NO POSSIBLE WAY they actually assembled and used this toy before they posted their review.  It is VIRTUALLY IMPOSSIBLE ... because this toy is HORRIBLE ... AWFUL ... TERRIBLE ... SHAMEFUL. Right off the bat I was frustrated when I saw the ridiculous sticker sheet.  I bought a TOY ... not a MODEL.  Why must I waste 15 minutes just to make the toy look like it is pictured?  Grrrrrrrrrr.  Then, as I began to assemble the track, I became even more frustrated because the instructions were nothing more than a group of illustrations with no words.  UGH!  I was positive I was not assembling the track correctly because nothing fit together properly.  So, I told my nephews they needed to wait until their uncle got home so he could help us assemble to track correctly.  The disappointment on their faces was more frustrating than the near-hour I had already wasted.  Low and behold, my husband [A MECHANIC] could not get the track to assemble any more properly than I could.  We told the boys to give it a try in spite of the poor fit.  After several pumps, the spring came out of the booster and it was rendered useless.  The track never did ""flip"" as it was supposed to.  Time is so precious ... I ONLY WISH I COULD HAVE THE HOUR-PLUS BACK I WASTED ON TRYING TO GET THIS TOY TO WORK.  The manufacturers should be ASHAMED of this product.***** AVOID THIS TOY COMPLETELY! *****"
After this arrived I handed it over to the three boys, ages 10, 8 and 7. We assumed that the 7-year-old would be the most receptive, but they all wanted to have a chance to play with it.It became a toy that was used for a little bit, then put on a shelf and not used a lot since that first week it was in the house.The biggest complaint is that the pieces did not fit together smoothly. The ten-year-old did most of the assembly, and I did go behind him, but the pieces didn't fit together smoothly. Specifically the ramp that took the cars into the spinner always fell off - just about every time when they used the spinner. This caused just enough frustration to be used for a few times before they moved on to something else.My 7-year-old, in all fairness, still likes to use it, despite the flaws in the track not being able to stick together.My 8-year-old commented that it was too loud and that he couldn't play with it when people were sleeping... which gives us as parents an insight on what he's doing when he's supposed to be sleeping.All and all it's an okay toy, but the ramp that won't stay on is a sticking point for me. It makes the whole set feel a little cheap. Probably an unfair assessment based on what might be a defective unit, but those are our impressions.
Bottom line is that it does NOT work as described:1) The pump is loud & annoying, since it has to be constantly pumped...and without the desired effect, seems like a complete waste of time & energy.2) Cars either get stuck in the turnabout, or fly completely off the track...no drifting, etc.3) The part of the track that is supposed to turn over, can't because there is no clearance.4) We have the carry case/stadium and the trackset, and both came with Lightning McQueen. If you want Mater, you have to buy a set that as yet another McQueen. I doubt we will bother to get all the drifters because of the multiple McQueens, as well as the lousy performance of the trackset, and the problems with the stadium case.Even if your child is a huge Cars fan, avoid the Drifters product line, or be prepared for a big disappointment.
"When my four year old boy saw a picture of this toy, he wanted it.  When I saw that it had ties to Disney and Pixar, I thought well, it should be fun and it should work, so I ordered it as part of the Amazon Vine program.  When it arrived, I handed to my eight year old son, who is very good at assembling these kind of toys (he enjoys and has had a lot of practice in building play train sets over the past several years).  But after about 5 minutes, he informed me that he wasn't interested in trying to build this.  ""Well, ok"", I thought, ""maybe it's a little tough for him, but I'm an engineer.  How tough can it be?""  Below are my thoughts on assembling and playing with this toy.Well, first off it's a lot harder to build than it should be.  The instructions were just pictures and it wasn't always evident what was supposed to be connecting to what.  But worse, the parts don't all fit together well.  But after a short while, I had it assembled and ready to play.  The ""special"" part of the toy is that when the car goes down one lane, it triggers most of the track to revolve over a different track (there are two different track sections that flip).  When it works correctly, it's really neat.  But because the parts don't fit together well, it usually doesn't work.  Worse, usually only one section of the track flips, and the different track styles don't link, so you have to stop and fix it.  The next problem is that the car is prone to jump the track or get stuck.  Next problem ... the ""pumper"" has a tendency to jam, so you have to take the top part off and re-install (not difficult but something that happens a lot).  And even when it doesn't jam, it doesn't always work well enough to keep the car running.  Next problem ... the parts snap together, but when you're pumping and playing, some of the parts unsnap themselves, usually messing up the track ""flip"".  Well you get the picture.If the toy worked as it should, it could be a lot of fun.  But as it stands, it's a huge disappointment and I can't recommend it whatsoever.  Score one for my eight year old; he wasted a lot less time on it than I did.  One star."
