Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
We had a lot of making Jewelry. my daughter is giving some of the jewelry that she made as gifts . The clay that they use is fantastic, easy to cut as well mold and shape. Even my son wanted to make something for his teacher for the Holidays. whats great is the refills are not that expensive. little kids will loose interest, but the kids 8 years old really had fun with this. It was easy to use, and we made some great pieces as well.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.031677860766649246,0.03412829339504242,0.034565407782793045,0.03434375301003456,0.034584593027830124,0.03558669984340668,0.036449432373046875,0.03502948582172394,0.03459718078374863,0.03406820446252823,0.03578413650393486,0.030915675684809685,0.03359995037317276,0.035541877150535583,0.03239075094461441,0.0349772684276104,0.036835167557001114,0.03633713722229004,0.037544116377830505,0.03292340412735939,0.03356437757611275,0.036972180008888245,0.034456443041563034,0.03520500659942627,0.03198821470141411,0.034333016723394394,0.03439139947295189,0.03233804926276207,0.034870944917201996
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
The Crayola Jewelry Boutique  is a cute idea for kids to make their own custom jewelry. Kids can make large colorful necklaces and bracelets in a rainbow of colors and a variety of styles. The boutique is a tray/workstation that contains everything kids will use to make the jewelry. Their different colors of clay, a rolling tool to help mix them together and make rainbow beads, the settings for the jewelry and everything else are in this station. On the surface of the workstation, there is also some raised designs in the plastic that kids can use to stamp shapes into their clay beads.Also included in this set is a drying rack for sliding the beads onto while they harden, a bottle of glaze that also has glitter in it, so you can make the beads shiny and glittery, settings for making rings, cable for making the necklaces, end pieces/clasps so kids and take their jewelry on and off, a other small items they will use to make their collection.I like this set a bit better than the Crayola Bead Studio set, which has fewer jewelry settings and instead of a tool to roll beads, it uses a different kind of rolling tool which flattens beads out like you were making pasta, then rolls them into little flower-like rosettes. However I've found the rosette roller doesn't work quite as well for making beads as I had hoped, since they tend to get deformed when trying to pierce them to make thread-able beads. The Crayola Bead Studio roller does fit into the center of this Jewelry Boutique. So if you get both sets, they do work together. However if you're looking to pick up just one, I would suggest this Jewelry Boutique over the Crayola Bead Studio.
Unlike Crayola's other jewelry boutique, this one helps an owner in the target age demographic create jewelry she might actually wear out in public. The Neon designs are fun and with the right bit of trim can actually imitate the designs (in color patterns) that appear in natural rock pieces converted into jewelry.I don't think this set is the best value ever, but it's all-in-oneness makes it a good gift or rainy day surprise. The Lisa Frank bead sets I once bought weren't the best value either, but I played with them forever!I think this would serve well as an intro to jewelry making and crafting. If your daughter takes to it, venture out into raw materials afterward.
My daughters have enjoyed using the previous jewelry maker. We purchased additional refill packs and Model Magic and they have made many jewelry pieces as gifts and items for sale in their classroom store as well as to wear themselves.When asked about this version, my older daughter commented that this has better colors, more packets of Model Magic, and additional accessories to use. She said the additional pieces let her create different designs that extend beyond the original kit. The bead punch is also improved because it has a slight point to it.
My daughter has made a few friendship bracelets with this kit. She even pulled it out during a sleep over as an activity.  Over all she felt the product was fun and as 12 year old she was able to use on her own. Crayola is always a great brand and this one was another home run.
My daughter is too young for this toy, but I had a good time with my visiting niece. I admit, I wanted to make jewelry. The biggest problem is that this is a multi-day project. The beads say they need 24 hours to dry, but in a humid climate like Louisiana, you need more time than that. Patience is not something most 6 year old girls have.The age range for this kit is a little older, but honestly I don&#8217;t think most &#8220;tweens&#8221; would be as excited about play-dough jewelry. (And let&#8217;s be honest, that is what you end up with&#8230;)The kit was fun, but I don&#8217;t know how much use we will get out of it since the beads take so long to dry. I wish there was a way to speed them up &#8211; like the microwave or oven?
This kit has bead &#8220;spinner&#8221; that my nieces loved using. They created all sorts of color combinations and watched them swirl and swirl. It was nice having 8 different colors to work with.Model Magic clay dries out quickly so I like that there are compartments with lids to keep the clay fresh.  (There are only 4 compartments and 8 colors of clay.)The only drawback is that you can only make big beads with this spinner.  The distance between the spinner plates is 7/8 inch. The clay gets used up pretty quickly with beads that size.
The Crayola Jewelry Boutique comes with a workstation for making and rolling your beads. It has compartments for storing you model magic. The compartments are air tight so the model magic doesn&#8217;t dry out at all. It also has a jewelry spinner plate that gives you an easier way to combine colored model magic and make interesting swirls of color. It also makes it easy to roll evenly shaped beads. It comes with 8 packs of different colored model magic which is the colored dough that you use to make beads and pendant jewelry. It also comes with 10 droplet pendants, 3 access pendants, 3 large pendants, elastic string, 2 necklace strings, 3 breakaway clasps. 2 rings, 5 design buttons, 24 pendant posts, 4 earring posts, 4 ear wires, peacock drying stand, bead glaze and a bead punch. It gives you 8 bags of model magic and each bag is  an ounce. So you get 8 ounces of model magic in all. The model magic that is included comes in white, black, lavender, neon yellow green, neon pink, neon orange, cerulean (light blue) and neon yellow.I gets you started with a quick start guide that helps a bit but isn&#8217;t really complete. It helps to watch the video on the Amazon page because it will give you a quick understanding of how to use the jewelry spinner plate. We previously tried the Crayola Bead Studio and was a little surprised at how few supplies that it had contained. This set includes well over twice as many supplies so I think this set is best to start with. The bead roller that comes in the bead studio also fits into place on this workstation. So if your Daughter really likes one of the sets then she may like the second set to compliment it.My Daughter enjoyed using her creativeness to make some really cute jewelry. It can be challenging at first but she after making a few different pieces she was getting better at it. She seems to really be enjoying it so far.
When I was little, my favorite Christmas toys would be kits where I made things. I still remember my jewelry making kit to this day. The kits nowadays have become more sophisticated. I wouldn't wait to sit down with my kids and try out the Crayola Jewelry Boutique.The Jewelry Boutique comes with everything needed to make your own jewelry The beads are made from model magic and a glaze is included that gives the modeling clay that jewelry look.It was easy to use and we had fun mixing and matching the colors. Good Holiday or rainy afternoon project. We had fun making our creations.
This is one product that looks a lot better on the box and every youngster has high hopes that they can instantly produce wonderful beads and pendants. Not so, but understanding that is a given. The Crayola Jewelry Boutique Neon is a lot of fun to play with though and with some practice the jewelry will start to become easier to make and look better.With the Crayola Jewelry Boutique Neon you can make bracelets, pendants, necklaces, and trinkets.  I like the Crayola Bead Studio, which can be used with the Boutique.  With the Bead Studio you can make Striped Coil Beads, Basic Beads and Charms, a Pendant Necklace, a Basic Bracelet, Swirled Coil Beads, and a Ribbon Bracelet. The instructions are very good. They are presented in a step-by-step fashion with photographic visuals.What is a really nice touch is that if you have questions or comments (good, bad, or indifferent) you can easily contact Crayone for your convenience.  Numbers can be found on the Internet. If the Crayola Jewelry Boutique Neon works out well, there are a few additional kits to consider, including thatCrayola Bead Studiothat will work with this unit.The other two are theCrayola Model Magic Jewelry Studio Refill Sweet Like Candyand theCrayola Model Magic Jewelry Refill Rockstar.  Perfect? No, but jewelry making is a lot of fun and will encourage young arts and crafts lovers to be creative and love delving into the world of arts and crafts.WHAT'S IN THE BOX:&#9788; 3 Small Pendants&#9788; 3 Accent Pendnts&#9788;  Peacock Drying Stand (easy to assemble)&#9788; 3 Large Pendants&#9788; 3 Breakaway Clasps&#9788; Shape Cutter&#9788; 8 Packs of Model Magic .05 ounces each&#9788; 2 Rings&#9788; 5 Design Buttons&#9788; 4 Earring Posts&#9788; 24 Pendant Posts&#9788; Plastic Needle&#9788; Glitter Glaze .875 fl. Oz. (25mL)&#9788; An Easy How-To GuideCRAYOLA MODEL MAGIC:Crayola Model Magic Deluxe Variety PackCrayola Model Magic (2 Pound Tub)Crayola 23-2412 Crayola Model Magic NaturalsCrayola 23-6002 Model Magic Modeling Compound Class Pack, Asstd Colors, 1-oz. Pouches, 75/ctn
"Honesty is key to this reviews. So, I am going to offer the undiluted truth of my experience in an effort to help parents who are considering buying this Crayola set.When I presented this to a young girl, she played with it for a bit (around an hour), but her final assessment was one I pretty much expected. The ""jewelry"" wasn't something that she would wear. She reported having fun being creative and making the beads (and I can testify that this is true ... I watched her carefully select colors and twist them together, and gently craft & glaze these little beads) but the final product did not compare to the rows of bracelets she bought at Claire's, Macy's, etc. And, continuing with this frankness, this girl has more ""Alex and Ani"" than I do ... little girls today are sophisticated, they have much more cosmopolitan tastes. These little clay beads simply cannot compare.From an adult's perspective, I think the price is difficult to justify. It's some clay and some plastic. However, I also believe that if this kit were one a child truly loved, the price would not seem nearly so steep. The lukewarm response I received was concerning.The bottom line here was that the experience was great fun, but the product was tossed to the side. I think this could be best used at a summer-camp or even an after-school program. (Somewhere where the bonding experience of creating a product outweighs the final result.)"
The model magic that is used in these kits is incredible.  Not messy like thicker doughs can be, and light and easily moldable by the kids.  This set was the best jewelry boutique out of a couple of sets that we had.  The model magic bin storage is nice, and the center transparent piece to easily allow creation of the bead was also easy to use and found fun to use from ages from our 3 1/2 year old up and also by her older (6-8) cousins.  Once items are created it comes with a drying stand and some 'shellac' style glaze to complete your jewelry.
My girls were super excited to get this set.  They just couldn't wait to make their own jewelry.  I was slightly disappointed when we opened it up and saw that you make the beads out of modeling clay.  I pushed my doubts aside and we gave it a try anyway.  The girls enjoyed it and seemed to be quite proud of the jewelry they made.  I, however, felt like their jewelry looked like clumps of play doh with a shiny glaze.  The girls would probably rate this higher, but as a parent, I was expecting a little more for the asking price.
My girls enjoy beading and jewelry, so I thought we'd give this a try. I'm less than impressed.The heart of this thing is a flat, plastic paddle on a spinner. It allows to whirl around clay to make a swirled effect. I think you could do the same thing between your hands and it would be easier. The paddle itself is a little awkward to operate, and it is really very simple.The kit comes with air hardening modeling clay and some jewelry making supplies. You could just buy these things separately - which is what I'd recommend.
"Let's be honest: this doesn't really make jewelry, in the sense of ""pretty accessories that someone would actually wear or that you could give to a friend as a gift they will enjoy."" The creative process is fun, no doubt, but the end product is chintzy junk that will instantly be eaten and thrown up by your dog or end up clogging your vacuum. Eventually it will make its way into its permanent resting place: the landfill. Not at all worth it. There are so many crafts you can do for less money, with less waste."
"Hoping to please the crafting enthusiasts in my life, I recently picked up two of Crayola Brand's latest innovations: Jewelry Boutique and Bead Studio. As the products are so similar in intent, it seems a fair comparison to those in the market for just such an item. What little girl wouldn't jump at the idea of making her own spectacular jeweled creations? I tend to favor items that stimulate the mind and creativity over traditional toys (with little practical use), so these Crayola kits seemed perfect. While an amusing idea, however, neither really hit it out of the park. In other words, your kids might enjoy doing this once but I doubt you'd be encouraged to resupply the sets for repeated use.Value: Truthfully, neither the Jewelry Boutique or the Bead Studio has the content necessary to support a high retail price. At about the twenty to twenty-five dollar price range, these aren't exorbitant by any means. Remember, though, these are essentially one time experiences. Still, it costs them as much to go to the movies.Bead Studio (2 1/2 Stars): The lesser of the two kits, the main jewelry making component of the Bead Studio is a roller that creates these rolled flowers. That's what the box would suggest anyway with the tagline that promises a ""flowery twist."" Instead of looking floral, I think they looked like inexpensive dollar store candy. I swear there is some hard candy in stores that looks just like these designs, I just can't remember what they're called. There are other small additions like buttons, pendants, and ribbons but the ability to make these curls is essentially what you're paying for. As only incredibly small children might be inclined to actually wear a piece of this, it skews much younger. Cute, if one dimensional in potential.Jewelry Boutique (3 1/2 Stars): A slightly higher price point brings more versatility to this item. Instead of just curling a piece of clay, the primary mechanism in the Jewelry Boutique makes a pretty nifty bead with a neon swirl design. If I was going to go to the effort of making homemade jewelry, I definitely think the appearance of these designs are more universally attractive. The accessories are also more varied which provides the opportunity for greater experimentation and creativity. A bit harder, skews a little older, but definitely the better deal in my opinion (even if about five dollars more). Again, I'm not sure we'll restock and revisit this, but we liked it better. KGHarris, 10/13."
It's Crayola beads, so what I imagined was a massive pile of repurposed crayons.  If your thoughts are going there let me put you at ease with two kind words: model magic.  It's going to be okay.  Kids will have fun and your carpet will survive.  And it really is fun.  Pretty easy to use, instructions might require adult assistance for younger ones, and the results are bright and cheery.  LOVE the neon colors.  So &#34;now.&#34;
The Crayola Jewelry Boutique is great for kids who like to be creative! This turned out to be a great toy while we were stuck inside the house trying to beat the heat this summer. While it was a bit too old of a toy for our youngest niece, the eldest who's at that stage of wanting to wear jewelry, this crafty toy was prefect!It's not the best, not the worst yet fits great for a beginner and a younger group. Those who maybe want to dip their toe into the water to see if they'd like to make jewelry should give this a try. Just keep in mind the clasps are plastic and the beads are made out of clay. But that's the FUN part! They can mix and match whatever colors they want to make something unique each and every time!One of the main things that my niece likes to do is make things, little gifts for people and this has turned into the perfect thing for her to do this. It's something she can work on when she wants and come back to time and time again. There's a lot of smaller parts so I put those into ramekins to help from spilling and losing anything. While there is storage for the smaller parts built in, I found that with smaller hands things get bumped and jostled around some, so this made it easier for her without spending half the time crawling around looking for something that might have been lost.All in all it's great for a creative mind and she's happy with it so that's what matters most.
"When asked how she liked her Neon Crayola Jewelry Boutique, my darling de facto niece responded with a heartfelt ""I LOVE IT"" (she's 10). Once again, ""Auntie"" and Vine have managed to thrill her. :)The concept is basically simple. The Crayola Jewelry Boutique consists of clay, simple mechanical equipment, and the findings required for making one's own jewelry; sparkles and such are included for decorating purposes. One forms the beads into the desired shape, decorates them, lets them dry (no kiln required--things could be worse!), and then combines the fruits of their labors into something wearable. It really IS fun and fosters a child's creative spirit. Who knows--this could prompt an enthusiastic spirit into an eventual career in jewelry design.I haven't verified this but I believe there's online support with design ideas; personally, I prefer extensive, hard-copy instructions with a Web site as backup and a means of updating whatever might be applicable. I imagine Crayola sells the clay separately and finding inexpensive jewelry findings is no problem should the child's ambitions exceed what's supplied in the box. All in all, and not belabor the point of a rather simple toy, the Crayola Jewelry Boutique is a lot of fun, fosters creativity, and could even be fun for children of either sex. Granted, a boy might be offended if he were offered this outright but making presents for female family members with Sis's set might just turn out to be a satisfying project. :)"
We had a lot of making Jewelry. my daughter is giving some of the jewelry that she made as gifts . The clay that they use is fantastic, easy to cut as well mold and shape. Even my son wanted to make something for his teacher for the Holidays. whats great is the refills are not that expensive. little kids will loose interest, but the kids 8 years old really had fun with this. It was easy to use, and we made some great pieces as well.
This Crayola Jewelry Boutique is the ultimate kit for little girls who love fashion and creativity. It gives them the creative outlet to design their own jewelry such as necklaces, bracelets, rings, earrings, etc...you can shape and design the beads yourself by using the model magic clay which comes in a variety of colors which you can blend, mix and customize to your liking. The instruction booklet also gives great ideas and tips as well. The possibilities to this is endless and guaranteed hours of fun.
For a single rainy day distraction this is great; however as an ongoing craft project not so good.  I love the concept of these craft activity toys and I think Crayola has done some wonderful work but I would love to see them move from &#34;toy&#34; to actual sustainable craft starter kit.
This is going to sound really mean, but the whole time my daughter and I were using this, we both kept saying &#34;this is stupid&#34; or &#34; this is really stupid.&#34;The spinner in the center of the station makes dradle shaped beads. You're supposed to put the beads on the spokes to dry. While trying to but the beads onto the spokes, you end up mushing the bead some, no matter how careful you are. Some of the clays are more foam like, while others (particularly neon green) are very sticky and gummy and hard to work with.The accessory pieces to make the pendants etc are very cheap/dollar store kids jewelry-like. I am not sure what girl over the age of maybe 6 or 7 would want to actually of the finished pieces of jewelry. I am thinking that may even be too old. The girl on the box is definitely way too old and I assure you that in real life, she would never wear any of these. You could probably make some beads that are wearable without the accessories and decorations, but then most of the kit is a waste.I hate to give such bad reviews, but this set is just bad. No matter what you do, the beads end up messed up in some way after you form them, due to the texture of the clay and how easy it is to mush.The glaze makes them look kinda neat, but again, still nothing a girl over 5 or 6 would wear. Very juvenile looking and cheap.I would recommend buying supplies separately at the craft store. You would have a great variety of great quality supplies that a girl would actually want to wear.
The Crayola Jewelry Boutique is like Playdough for older girls. It comes with eight different colors of Model Magic, which the girls combine in the machine to make a swirl of colors. It rolls out to something that looks like two cones joined at the base. That's a pleasing form. I wish I could keep it, but the Model Magic is so soft, nothing keeps its shape as we try to pierce it to make a bead. Of course, the answer is to use the machine to just help with the swirl and then hand shape the bead after poking a hole in it and hanging it on the drying rack.My daughter and her friend ignored all the little jewelry pieces that come with the set and spent the afternoon making beads. The flat pieces don't hang well. They have to dry flat. They painted them with the polish to make them shine. They were quite proud of their work.The set comes with the machine that rolls the Model Magic around and around, and four cups with lids to keep the Model Magic fresh. I stored it there for a few days and it did not dry out. There's a little drawer and little trays, but they don't hold much.Personally, I like the companion Crayola Bead Studio better. The Bead Studio can be set on this Jewelry Boutique, but it can be used separately. It rolls beads and the beads come out swirled and cylindrical. They are a more perfect shape and hold their form better when the hole is poked through and when drying. Girls can make spherical beads with that by rolling them after they have been pressed through the bead maker and the swirl effect is preserved. My nine year-old considered it cheating. Her friend likes the Bead Studio.Both girls did enjoy a whole afternoon of fun with the Jewelry Boutique. It's a great toy for tween girls. They don't care if they don't get perfect spheres. Indeed, theirs were more akin to rocks. It's the swirls they're after.
My daughter is delighted with her Crayola Jewelry Boutique.  She found it very easy to use and was pleased with the results.  After showing her what to do just once, my five-year-old was off and running, making jewelry like she was born to it.  No problems for little hands and she was able to exercise her creativity.The jewelry was funky, colorful, and fun.  Since it's made with an air dry type of clay, the jewelry it makes isn't terribly high quality, and may not be something that an older girl would want to wear, it's perfect for little ones.There was quite a bit of cleanup afterward - bits of clay and jewelry making bits that didn't get used - but it wasn't too terrible.Much as she enjoyed this, I'm not sure she'll do it again.  She hasn't asked for it, but she has worn her self-made jewelry with pride!
The Crayola Jewelry Boutique comes with everything you need to roll some model clay into beads, add some sparkle, string them onto a necklace, and wear them.  Nothing inherent about that justifies the price tag, and the quality of the product certain belies it. I can't help but think this is the craft jewelry equivalent ofLunchables, which most parents can effortlessly replicate for a fraction of the cost, but which seem to sell well anyway.The clay is thesame air-dry claythat's sold separately.  With a trip to the craft store to net some clasps, glitter, and earring studs, there's not much sense to purchasing this kit for your own kiddos.  The instructions that come with it are great, but easily found online.  The press and swirl beadmaker is pretty cool, but doesn't accomplish anything little ones can't with their own two hands.What this boutique IS good for is a gift.  It's the kind of gift that makes a young girl squee with excitement (in a way most don't over plastic bags of wholesale goods from the craft store).  And therein lies Crayola's genius: they've made a line of toys that is exponentially overpriced and brilliantly packaged.  Because in the end she'll have just as much fun with this for $25 as she will with theCrayola Bead Studiofor 20% less, or theCrayola Jewelry Packfor half of that.  It's all the same clay and jewelry, and it'll all be missing or broken a couple days later anyway.So for birthday gifts, holiday gifts, or people with more disposable income than me, I would absolutely recommend the Jewelry Boutique.  For everybody else, I'd just make it yourself.
I received the Crayola Jewelry Boutique set from the Amazon Vine program.  My little girl is only 3 1/2, but she loves crafty things like this.  She's much too young to play with this independently, but we had some quality Mommy & Daughter time playing with it together.This set comes with everything that you'll need to make your own jewelry.  The Model Magic clay gets used up quickly, but you can purchase additional packs for a few dollars.
My granddaughter and I had fun making beads with this kit. She's 8 years old, and I think this is very appropriate for her age. It made the task of making beads fun, and it sparked her imagination. However, I don't think the kit is as good as it should be and it has limitations. It's not something that I would recommend to my friends.The kit includes special clay, plastic jewelry components, and a bead spinner. The clay can be purchased at any craft store or online from Amazon. Better quality jewelry components can be purchased from craft stores.The bead spinner is limited and not very useful. You take two or more colors of clay and twist them together, then place the ball in the spinner. Press down with the knob and spin it, and it causes the clay to roll into a bicone shape. That's it.You then have to take the bicone shaped clay and put a special bead punch through it to make a hole. The punch is not sharp and it's hard to get it through the soft clay while still retaining the shape of the bead. You then have to slip the bead off the punch and onto the drying rack. The clay often sticks to the plastic punch, so slipping it off isn't always easy - even though we wash it each time. We have not been able to make one perfectly bicone shaped bead. She doesn't mind because she remolds them with her fingers into squares and other shapes, making the spinner completely unnecessary. Her hands can create all of the swirls she needs without the spinner.She loved the bright colors of the clay and enjoyed making beads by hand. However, the bead station itself has limited usefulness. It might be nice to help keep the components together, but a plain little box will do that just as well. It's really something that will get in the way later.I think most kids would enjoy making jewelry from the Model Magic clay. A simple brochure with a few images to help them get started would be helpful. The spinner workstation is just something that we need to find storage space for and isn't helpful enough to leave out on the craft table. Overall it's okay, but it's not something I would recommend to my friends.
I did this Crayola Jewelry Boutique project with my 12-year-old daughter.  It was pretty time consuming but it was actually a bit fun making the beads on the bead station.It says it's for ages 6 and up but I think it would be a bit too difficult for children under 10.  Even at 10 and up you'll probably need to help out quite a bit yourself.  As far as the finished project, it's a bit too cheap looking for the higher standards and fashion sense that the tweens develop.  My daughter enjoyed making this stuff but I rarely see her wearing the stuff.If you plan on buying this for your child just know that you'll probably have to help out quite a bit.  I wouldn't recommend it for children over 10.  It's just a bit to young looking.
I am on a campaign to have my grandchildren engage in some non-electronic activities when they stay with me. This set seemed like something that I would enjoy and that would be a great activity for them.The age that is recommended is 6 to 15 years old. I really have my doubts that most 6 year olds would have the patience or skills to work with this kit. My grandchildren are 10 and it tested their patience at times.You are supposed to use their model magic to make beads; the kit helps you to make designs on the beads. This is a one-time use. You make the beads and they cannot be remade like a play dough set - you should understand that before you purchase this.The finished product, even the ones I made were not something that my grandchildren wanted to wear more than once and then just to show off that they had made it. It's a fun and can be an engaging project for that one play time.
