Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
We are able to use this with my iPod Touch, so I'm not giving up my cell phone, which I appreciate.Basically, this turns your cell phone or iPod Touch into a glorified kids camera.  The app you use with it has some neat features that let kids edit the photos and create their own photo pages.The camera portion keeps my iPod fairly safe, especially from drops on the floor, which I love.  The back screen is still accessible, so it is not &#34;100% safe&#34;, but so far, we are doing great.This is fun, especially as you see better pictures with it than traditional kid-friendly cameras.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.03087208978831768,0.02722027525305748,0.030739638954401016,0.031086677685379982,0.03018880821764469,0.030564995482563972,0.0309392511844635,0.028017867356538773,0.032358162105083466,0.03196367621421814,0.030736364424228668,0.030300529673695564,0.031583525240421295,0.0331244058907032,0.0366317443549633,0.03377199172973633,0.03385955095291138,0.03247246518731117,0.03658411279320717,0.03492620214819908,0.03525619953870773,0.03049883246421814,0.03303861990571022,0.031470876187086105,0.03064236044883728,0.03242504596710205,0.029859451577067375,0.034265320748090744,0.033915892243385315,0.03723353520035744,0.033451542258262634
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
"Previously, my review stated: ""This is a cool app and camera case that protects the iPhone from drops while giving our 4 year-old a lot of creative options for how to manipulate pictures after he takes them. Tons of fun so far, but I'm holding back one star because I'm not sure how long it will keep his attention and remain interesting...""But after a couple more uses we noticed several cracks on the rear of the iPhone we'd been using, which we can only relate to using it in this camera case. We followed all the instructions for use, but it seems to put too much pressure on the back of the phone when snapping the case closed. Not cool at all."
I definitively understand why LeapFrog made this. There's something about the iPhone that makes little kids want to see it and play with it. They want to scroll through the pictures and watch video clips you've taken and saved. As soon as you think everything's okay and they're not going to drop it, then that's they run off with it and want to try and take their own photos. When you're in the middle of trying to do something, a part of you thinks maybe it will be fine. It should entertain them for a while. Then your common sense kicks in and you realize that your 4 year old just ran off with your $500 phone, and you've still got a year left on your contract. Time to go get it back.So LeapFrog made a solution, a large iPhone case that's shaped like a camera. With this, you can place your phone (or iPod touch) inside and it will help protect it while your child is wandering around trying to get the cat to sit still so she can get a picture of it. The application lets kids play with the photos, adding backgrounds or add-ons to them. The case is about a thick and sturdy as you can make it, and have it still be light enough for little kids to use. The downfall is you'll lose the use of your phone while kids are playing with it, and to get it back, you'll have to pry it out of the hands of a toddler. However if your kids already try and take off with your iPhone/iPod to play with it and take photos, putting it in this LeapFrog Camera Case might help you get it back in one piece!
This is a protective case to hold your iphone while your child plays with it. It comes with a free app that you can download to your phone, but this IS simply a case.These various cases from LeapFrog are a great idea for parents that let their children use their phones! It's a great way to protect such a pricey investment!
This case is a nice, inexpensive way to allow your little ones to play games on an iPhone. I couldn&#8217;t get to the app by scanning the code on the back of the camera. I had to do a search in the app store to find it. I have a very thin case on my iPhone 5 but it still made the phone too big to fit in with its case. I find it a bit inconvenient to have to remove my iPhone from its case every time I want to insert it into this camera case.The lock is very effective in preventing young children from opening the back cover and getting the iPhone out. Keep in mind, however,  that while this camera case does protect the phone, it does not prevent the child from having access to everything on your phone.
What a creative way to have fun using existing iphone/itouch. My 6-year old daughter loves it.  She takes tons of pix already, and with this toy, she's loving it.  She also likes the app to edit her pix.  It's also a good way to protect your iphone from breaking should your kids drop it.  Too bad it wont' work for other mobile phones.  Anyways, a great ideal to combine existing iphones and camera case.
"My grandson couldn't get enough of this case!  His Dad has an iPod Touch that he occasionally lets him play around with, but because he still uses it on a daily basis he's hesitant to let it out of his sight. The last time we visited I had him try out theLeapFrog Creativity Camera App with Protective Caseand he loved it. We of course felt like we were being hounded by a mini paparazzi because he was constantly saying to us ""look at the camera"", ""smile"" and ""just one more!"".  Thankfully after about an hour he grew bored and moved onto the next thing, but this is a great idea for those times when he wants to play with the iPod and Dad can feel okay about it.  Overall it's sturdy, easy to use and priced right for what it is."
First let me say that you need an iPhone 4, 4s, 5, or iPod touch 4G to use this toy. You open the camera up and slip your phone right inside of it. Be sure and take your phone out of your normal protective case first. You will want to download the free app from the Apple app store. What you are getting in this purchase is just the camera looking case. The app from the app store is where all the features come from.We are getting more and more toys that come with free apps or like this one, need a free app in order to use. To me, that's ok with the ones that can be used with an iPad but for one like this one, that requires my phone, I'm not ok with that. I don't want all those apps taking up valuable memory and my child actually playing with my very expensive phone.
"I am so relieved to read that my experience is one shared by others. No one likes being ""the bad guy/gal,"" but when it comes time to take back my phone, the result is unfortunate. I suppose it seems strange that this toy is not in the child's control but remains contingent upon a parent's/grandparent's ability to relinquish their phone. And, for many professionals, this is not an option for an extended period. I certainly did not consider this when I ordered it. (Perhaps I did not consider that this would be such a hit ... which does say positive things about LeapFrog's ability to connect to children).As pointed-out by others but sincerely necessitates repeating, this is (by all means) a pretty neat phone case. It is super durable (I cannot tell you how many times it has been dropped already) and provides ample protection for one's phone. With this said, one's child can manipulate these pictures in a fun and exciting way ... pretty neat! And, I do enjoy the idea of fostering creativity ... even on the smallest level.Here's the warning, if you are a professional who needs to remain in constant contact with work, I would not necessarily recommend this product. It may lead to frustration on both you and your child's part. However, if you are in a position where your phone is more of a pleasant luxury, than why not invest in this? I can assure you, your child will love it!"
While this is a cool idea that works, it does cause problems. This works great to put youriPhone in, and then let your toddler run around and take photos, however first you have totake your phone out of it 's protective case to put it in the camera case. Then you have tofigure out how to get this new loved toy away from your toddler who now thinks thephone camera is his.
The LeapFrog Creativity Camera App with Protective Case is a fun toy which will allow young children the ability to play with taking pictures and editing them.  The case fits our iPhone 5 very well and it protects it against accidental dropping.  The buttons are large and easy for a child to press where the iPhone buttons are small and take some dexterity to use.  The app comes with age appropriate frames, filters, and add-ons for pictures that are easy to edit and fun to see.  I recommend for the age group specified.
Essentially this is a hard case for your phone that works in conjunction with a photo app.  To use the full functionality of the app you have to have the camera case. Its a fun way for your child to explore taking pictures, but it can be difficult to get your phone back from your child. If your iphone is in a protective case, you need to remove it before placing it into the camera as would be expected. The app is fun with some a built-in a game, fun face editor and photo album. However, if the app's novelty does not wear off good luck answering that phone call!
Some issues, initially, locating that darn app!  There are a RIDICULOUS number of LeapFrog apps on iTunes!  So, save yourself a wee smidge of trouble and type in the full product name into your iTunes store search bar.Once installed, it's easy to use, intuitive to play, and is a great way for little ones to make their own &#34;art&#34; with photography.  The camera holds the iphone surprisingly securely (and is no doubt far safer for your phone than when a toddler simply holds and plays with the phone).  Altogether though, I remained a little concerned-for-the-phone, and this toy requires you to either give up use of your phone or have a second available for your child (this becomes especially true if this superfun toy becomes a favorite with the kiddo).  So, I wish it did operate on even older iPhones, for that reason; I can't bring myself to purchase an iPod touch specifically for a toddler.  However, if you are upgrading your phone, it's a great use for the old one!I think it's rather adorable and I love that it's designed as a rather old school big bulky camera.
The LeapFrog Creativity Camera App with Case turns an iPod or iPhone into a fun camera for youngsters three to five years old and for older children to help the littlest ones use it.  This kit includes a software download that is ideal for children and lets them create funny photos and albums.An adult needs to set up the software and put the electronic device in the case, but it is absolutely amazing what children can do with this after that.  Besides the photo editing software, there is also a PeakABug Catch camera game to keep them busy.
The good thing is that kids love this camera, they can take bunch of pics, edit them and the phone is protected.But I would prefer a kids camera with similar options, because when they play I don't have my phone. So the best for me is to let them use it while we travel, it keeps them busy and they are not bored with it.
This toy has potential and I loved playing along with my 2 1/2 year old granddaughter as she explored all the options the downloadable app had to offer.  But first you'd better be OK with  giving up use of your iPhone when your little one wants to play with this as while the phone is in the case, you won't be able to answer calls, check messages or anything else you usually do. The toy is actually just a plastic case shaped like a large camera.  It has a pretend lens on the front and a hole to the lower left of that where the real lens of your phone is aligned.  There is an opening on the backside where you screen is accessible and a button on the top that lines up with the button on the side of your phone to push to take a picture.  In other words your phone is what is doing the work here, and you better have plenty of space for pictures on there if the kids really start to have fun with it.  Also, the screen is exposed so they can use the app, so you won't want to let them roam the backyard or anywhere else you're hesitant about them taking your phone.  If you have a protective case on your phone, it has to be removed before you place it in the &#34;camera&#34; too.  The app that makes this so much fun, is actually free as a download in the iTunes App Store.  For full functionality of the app you have to buy the case and take a picture of the bar code inside it to unlock the app, but the case itself doesn't do anything to enhance the app.  I really liked the mini photo book you make by looking for shapes and letters to take a picture of.  It's a scavenger hunt that promotes preschool skills like letter recognition.  I think there are other apps you can download to use your phone camera that would be just as much fun for the kids.  I got this because my granddaughter is always pretending to take pictures of everyone.  I'd gotten her a toddler digital camera before but the picture quality was horrible, I thought this would be much better.  In some ways it is, but overall I'm very disappointed.  I feel like this case is just a gimmick.  I think I'll look into a real camera, an inexpensive one, that my budding little shutterbug can use without jeopardizing Grammys phone and that we can then download the pictures into my iPad when she wants to edit and review her pics --- unless I can find something else out there.  This one is OK but it sure doesn't fill the bill.
I am starting with the price! For $19.99 this is a great Leap Frog product. LeapFrog is a brand we love and purchased from often. When the kids were babies it was like a Leap Frog warehouse threw up here. Everything had a picture of the little green frog!I love that the LeapFrog Creativity Camera is so easy and durable. Even if my kids want to just use my smart phone I have been giving this to them. If I don't go to the app before putting the phone in, they can use it for any of my apps and I don't have to worry about my phone falling. I do not have a cover on it.You download the free app, go to the app, put your phone into the camera, close it, (it is very secure with two hand locks that are hard for kids to undue. My kids at 8 and 10 cannot do them yet.The app allows kids to take a photo with the camera and your phone in it. So cool.At the main screen the child picks what they want to do,Take a photoSee their galleryEdit their photos by adding frames, color, morphing, and stampsCreate silly faces using fun embellishments they select. Simply line up the face and take a photo. So funPlay games: Peek-A-Bugs fly into a circle and you snap their picture.Create books using your photos. In the emotion book snap pictures of yourself happy, sad, silly, angry, lonely, excited, scared, frustrated, shy, and proud. In the letter book take photos take match the letters. In the shapes and color book, take a photo to match the shapes and colors.We love this camera and think it is great for children 3 to 8.
"My son is almost 4 1/2 now, and our experiences with LepFrog have all been wonderful.  This camera is no exception; he really does enjoy it, and we've spent some very nice quality discovery time together with my iPod and the creativity app (really 6 different apps in one).Let me first say that in order for your young child to use this very good quality $19-and-change toy, you'll have to part ways with your iPod or iPhone.  So this clearly can be a problem as it requires a fairly new version of an expensive Apple product to be any good at all.  You can't answer your iPhone when it's embedded in a camera.  And although the camera itself seems to be tough and has a clever two-switch opening mechanism that requires simultaneous thumb-motions to open the case, you will probably still feel a little stress when your offspring are darting around with it, looking for pictures to take.  You'll also have to remove any case from the iDevice in order to fit it into the camera.The camera is as easy to use as the one button will indicate (there is also a power button, but the cartoonishly large self-explanatory yellow button on top makes things pretty clear.In my son's case, I think he will only grow into this toy more as time goes by.  I'm convinced that when he's 5 1/2, he'll appreciate it on a different level, and that right now, this is a toy of discovery for him, with time with Dad or Mum later on to book all the pictures, or to edit the pictures in a humorous way.  We've reclined next to him in bed as he plays the ""stamps"" and silly face games until we need him to turn it off.  The apps are not hyperactivity-inducing; quiet time will be quiet time and he/she won't be too hyped up to get comfy and go to sleep.The best thing about this toy is that you get to keep these pictures, and if you want to, you can do something creative with them as gifts...  For my wife's birthday, I am thinking about taking my son's photos and using my Shutterfly account to make a hard-cover book of his pictures, incorporating smaller pictures of our son next to them, maybe with brief descriptions or dates near them as well.  It's something she (and then our son) will have forever.So I do highly recommend the LeapFrog Creativity Camera (and downloadable app from iTunes), but as I mentioned, the one negative aspect is that you have to surrender your iPod Touch or iPhone when your child is using it, and that is worth your consideration."
This was great fun for my eight year old, but my toddler did not even care for it, He rather play with it as a pretend  camera then take pictures, My eight year old did like to take photos, but I do not want to give up my three hundred dollar phone just so he can take photos. I rather buy a cheap digit camera instead. The photos did come up nice though and was easy to use.
Adds safety to handing your phone over to little hands while using Leap Frog software  -- fun educational softwareinstalled easily on the I-Phone allowing grand kids to play with the phone with out as much worry about it getting dropped.While I like the concept and trust Leap Frog to provide a fun educational experience this is just too cumbersome.  I'm more likely going to want to use my phone for &#34;education / entertainment&#34;  when out and about.  This is just too much of a bother to tote around
I see no real purpose for this, other than to hand more of your money over to a toy company. Your phone is still doing all of the work. The &#34;camera&#34; just serves as a case and of course there is an app to download and use .. on your phone.. since your phone is still doing all of the work.The case itself feels cheap. I thought the green sides would be rubberized and more durable, but they aren't. It's just hard plastic all the way around the case. The piece of thin flimsy plastic that covers the screen can be popped right out.While the app has some nice features and cool stuff to do with pictures, I just find this toy pointless. I would much rather hand my phone to my kid with the Lifeproof or Otterbox etc and allow them to use it that way. You can download all sorts of photo apps and games for free anyway, so why add the bulk of this case just to use an app? You can use the LeapFrog app without the case on too, although when you first setup/install they do make you take a pic of the barcode inside the case to prove that you own it.I would not recommend for anyone to waste their money on this. It is bulky and cheap and serves no real purpose. If you have a good case for your phone, it should be pretty safe as it is. There are tons of apps to download for pics without needing to buy a cheap camera toy case to go along with it.
The Creativity Camera is the perfect first camera for toddlers of a new generation. All kids love using their phones and iPads to capture special moments, but I have an iPad with a cracked screen that proves little ones may need a little extra support in this area. The Creativity Camera provides a protective case over the device, so even if it gets dropped or banged, it will probably survive.  But that's only the beginning of what it does. Placing the case over the iPad or iPhone makes it like a real camera, allowing kids to focus and press a button when they're ready to take a snapshot. The large buttons are much easier for little fingers to master. But there's still more! Included with the camera are apps that allow kids to enhance their photos with silly decorations and even play fun learning games that will teach them the alphabet or just provide a little action without any violence.  My daughter is 3 1/2, and while she needed a little guidance initially, she has now mastered all the features of the phone and can play independently.  The Creativity Camera is a great way to set kids on the path of photography and fun and would definitely make a fun and affordable gift his holiday season.***Complimentary product received in exchange for an honest review***
Kids just love taking pictures. On one hand you dont want to give your expensive iphones to kids but you cant say no to those faces either! So this case was made to put your iphone in so your kids wont destroy the aforementioned iphone when you give it to them to take pictures. Does it do its job well? I have mixed opinions on that regard.Lets observe how it works first. You basically open the back slot and slot in your iphone (must remove any protective covers/case). Its relatively hard to open this back slot so i wouldnt be worried about small kids being able to open it up. It does well in that regard. Your iphone isnt completely hidden though. You're supposed to use this product with the app that is free on the app store (i'll talk about the app later); therefore there is a thin plastic covering to protect the screen from dirty fingers. Not the best but it'll do. The iphone stays inside nice and snug, and doesnt rattle around. For some reason though, on the front where the camera of the iphone resides (the white circle, next to the big yellow circle if you look at the product image), there is no protective lense. The iphone's camera is right out in the open there. Otherwise its pretty durable, easy to hold and use for little kids.The app itself was easy to setup. Just download and unlock with a QR code on the packaging. It includes a couple simple photo editors, an educational learning game ( like taking pictures of similar shapes), a creature catching game. Its defintely a nice addition and adds even more fun which means good luck getting your phone back.I like the idea of a protective case for kids to take pictures. This isnt bad but what really kills it i think is that it requires our primary phone.  I would like it more if it was something universal. I have an old smartphone or two in my house (as im sure most others do) i'd like to give to my kid to take pictures but i still dont want to risk getting it destroyed in case i ever need it as backup in case something happens to my primary phone. If they could make something universal (or close to) for those phones i would be much more interested.
Like many have already stated, you have to be willing to give up your phone for a time. It's better if you have an iPod Touch, which this supports, or an extra phone handy. My 2 1/2 year old loved playing with the camera, but he's a bit young to utilize all of the features in the included app, which is free through iTunes, just snap a picture of the barcode inside the camera.We have theFisher-Price Laugh & Learn Apptivity Case: iPhone / iPod Edition, which we would have used more if it were easier to open and close. The LeapFrog Camera is easy to open and close, so much better for handing to our son as a mega-protective case when he wants to play games. However, I'm hardly in fear of my son damaging my phone in the Otterbox case I use now. You will have to remove your camera from any protective case in order to place it inside the LeapFrog Camera. The one good thing about both of the Fisher-Price and LeapFrog case is the ability to prevent kids from pressing the HOME key and getting into your phone, but still, they can get around it depending on what they're using the phone for... anyway, I digress...Overall this is a good pretend camera that's powered by your phone. My son likes to play with it when I hand it to him, but at 2 1/2 he also just likes to walk around with just the empty camera case!
My son really likes this camera!! This is a fun toy that lets smaller children explore with this camera with a protective case to protect iphone or ipod touch.  The hard part is getting your kid to part with your phone if they are using this toy.  Definitely recommend this to others.
What this is essentially, is a protective case for your iPhone that looks like a big camera.  You first download the app to your phone from iTunes and then you can place the phone in your camera shaped case and hand it off to your child for some picture taking fun.The positive: this encourages children to get into photography, learning about how to take pictures and the beginnings of the art. It also protects your phone and locks the children into the camera program so that they can't accidentally end up in your banking information or making unwanted phone calls.The negative: this requires your iPhone to work... Which means while it's in use, you cannot use your phone.  Which also means that the more your child likes it... The longer you have to go with out your phone.I think it is an excellent idea, especially if you have an old iPhone that you aren't using that has a lot of extra memory.
The best part about this camera is the app, which is just an awesome kid friendly instagram type of thing that you download from itunes.  The plastic camera encasement doesn't really accomplish much, but you need to buy this to get the actual app off of itunes.I use this with my old iphone 4 since upgrading, so I don't have the issues that others mention about it swallowing my phone.  But yes, it's impractical to use this with your current phone because if the phone rings, you really won't be able to get to it the way you could get to it if your child was just using a fun app.
The Creativity Camera includes an App that you download that includes fun games and funky photo editing features, very appropriate and entertaining for little ones (ages ~2-10) - and the best part of the product.  The case isn't necessary to enjoy the features of the App.It's pretty cool that you can place your iPhone in the Creative Camera case and your children can practice their photography skills while your iPhone remains fully protected.  However, you need to take your iPhone out of its protective case before placing it into the Creativity Camera Case (which isn't always so easy or convenient) and it give to your child (which crosses some phone usage boundaries I'm not entirely comfortable with).Overall, I give it 4 stars because it is 1) creative, 2) educational, and 3) durable.
My kids love to take photos with our iphone and regular camera so this was a great way to allow our 4 year old to practice taking photos while protecting the iphone! She loves to take photos of everything but also loves the games that it comes with. This camera works by inserting the iphone into the interior of the case (make sure to download the Ap first) then serves as a protective covering while allowing use of the main button and touch screen of the iphone. You can also take photos and save them to your camera, also adding fun art to the images. This is a big hit in our house and I highly recommend it for an educational tech toy!
I got this for my 2 year 10 month old granddaughter, who loves taking pictures with it. I put my iPhone 4S into this case, and then the shutter button on the case enables the phone to take pictures. You have to download an app to do this. The app works just fine without the case, but the case is what makes this fun.Although it's easy to take my iPhone 4S in and out of the LeapFrog case, I first had to remove the protective case I keep my phone in. So unless you're prepared to do that, the LeapFrog case won't work.In addition, when your phone is in the LeapFrog case there is no way to answer calls, check email, send texts, surf the web, etc. In other words, it's just like not having your phone.The pictures can be edited, there are ways to make funny pictures, and everything can be saved to the Photo Gallery on my phone. However there is a 30mb limitation on how many pictures the app can store, so you need to periodically delete pictures or the app will stop working.For the price I think this is a cute toy that is definitely fun for my granddaughter.
We are able to use this with my iPod Touch, so I'm not giving up my cell phone, which I appreciate.Basically, this turns your cell phone or iPod Touch into a glorified kids camera.  The app you use with it has some neat features that let kids edit the photos and create their own photo pages.The camera portion keeps my iPod fairly safe, especially from drops on the floor, which I love.  The back screen is still accessible, so it is not &#34;100% safe&#34;, but so far, we are doing great.This is fun, especially as you see better pictures with it than traditional kid-friendly cameras.
"I love giving my kids creative toys that stimulate imagination, exploration, creativity and critical thinking and this toy does all four. Once the app was installed in iphone and was loaded in the case, our 2 yr old was off and running. He LOVED this toy, however, I did not anticipate the post-play behavior (the tantrums that ensue when we need the phone back and he can no longer play with it). This is understandable as he is a 2 yr old, however, we don't usually need to take toys away from him for our own use. In our house, it is a problem unique to this toy. It has also created a troublesome dynamic where every time our toddler sees an iphone, he thinks he should be able to play ""camera"" with it, even when it is not in the leapfrog camera case. Other than this leapfrog toy, we have been careful not to let our toddler ""play"" with our phones. I thought this camera case might ""disguise"" it enough that he would not be the wiser, but not so. Even though we were careful to put it in and take it out (of the case) away from him, he still recognized the iphone as ""his toy"" even when not in the leap frog case. As a result, we have discontinued using this Leap Frog toy. Maybe next time we retire an iphone, we will try again.Thanks for reading, I hope this review is helpful!"
