Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
Crayola always makes new things that kids love. This kit comes with a play mat, a dino, Morphix which is a stiffer Playdoh, and 17 molds making things from buildings to cars to trees. Once you make the molds with Morphix or Playdoh that's lying around the house, you put them on the play mat and destroy them by stomping on them with the dino or you can shoot a boulder from the dino's tail.I think that it's a great idea they included the boulder flinger because it can get boring just stomping on things. The Playdoh works better when it's fresh. After you leave it out for a long time it starts to go stale and harden. After a while it just becomes very hard to use. Even though it states that it won't crumble, it still can happen so make sure to play with it where you don't mind making a mess.You can also get more sets and put them together to create giant mall and then use all your Morphix to make lots of buildings to destroy everything. When you're doing that, Amazon also sells extra Morphix you can buy to create more buildings and therefore have more to destroy. It encourages your child to be creative and imaginative instead of playing with electronics.Little kids usually like destroying things and just laugh when they do. I would definitely recommend this to a friend who has a small child that likes to destroy things.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.026911793276667595,0.025942837819457054,0.027900081127882004,0.026641450822353363,0.027976134791970253,0.02697831578552723,0.02548416145145893,0.026688484475016594,0.0257120318710804,0.02568109892308712,0.027907438576221466,0.02946445532143116,0.02607710286974907,0.02630675956606865,0.026052501052618027,0.0265811700373888,0.030049573630094528,0.027229774743318558,0.025204157456755638,0.02720140479505062,0.0275421179831028,0.026121117174625397,0.02920793741941452,0.02443929761648178,0.026332013309001923,0.027614329010248184,0.027247875928878784,0.02615787833929062,0.02923138253390789,0.027815377339720726,0.026319805532693863,0.027229342609643936,0.026503395289182663,0.02717217244207859,0.027450986206531525,0.028946800157427788,0.02667734958231449
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
My five year old son and two year old daughter have been having a blast using the gritty playdoh-like material and molds to create buildings that are then destroyed with the dinosaur. This sort of destruction is a kid's dream and mine love every minute of it! I haven't had any problems with the substance sticking in hair, clothes or carpet. I plan on purchasing other kits from this line for my children to combine with this one. This is a creative and fun toy that is sure to be a hit.
My four year old is on a huge play dough kick right now, so consequently I have play dough all over my house.  I decided to try this kit from Crayola to see if their dough might be a little less messy....wow BIG difference.The texture feels a little weird (kind of granular) but it tends to stay together much better than play dough and doesn't stick to clothes and the colors didn't get mixed together either.  My four year old played with it for a couple hours and I was amazed at how quick and easy clean up was.  As for the actual kit, the dinosaur is very cute and even has little fire imprints and words like 'Pow' on the bottom of its feet which is pretty fun when steps on the buildings etc.The mat that you are supposed to play on is part of the box, so be mindful when opening it as I inadvertently ripped mine.  Also, once you open it, it can't be made into a box again so you'll want to have a storage option on hand.Overall, my four year old loved this and I loved how easy it was to clean up.  I can't imagine going back to play dough after using crayola dough.
The Dino Destruction stomping mall is probably the more fun variation of the Create 2 Destroy we have played with. The catapult action seems to lend it more versatility than the building Create 2 Destroy and just make it more fun.I don't think that this gritty variation of play dough is any less messy or better than the others...its just different. Still a bit prone to crumbling, even when it isn't left out for an extended period of time.
"I'll mention the texture first. It's *somewhat* like a mix between sand and play-doh. Therefore, it's super grainy feeling. I have texture issues especially with things that are grainy-ish(sand, Velcro, coke bottle lids, etc). This stuff was almost more than I could bear. My children did perfectly great with it, but they don't have texture sensitivities. *IF* your child does, then beware of this. Also, as you're playing with it, it feels stick-ish, like you'll need to wash your hands immediately, but once you stop touching it, all is well again. It's really odd stuff! ;)Aside from that, it's really fun! My kids(2 and 5) love playing with it. There are quite a few molds included to make things such as cars and houses for the dinosaur to ""stomp"". As a momma of 3 little ones, it's one of those toys that will buy me some time to do one of the many things I have to do. I can put this on the table to occupy my oldest two and it will get me enough time to cook supper(or whatever).Overall, we recommend this! My little ones have had a blast with it!"
We got the Crayola Create 2 Destroy Castles and my sons loved it.  They really enjoyed playing with the set despite the issues with trying to get the clay back out of the mold and I was ok with the mild mess.  However this set seemed more like a refill rather than a stand alone play set.  Perhaps that is the best way to look at this.  My boys were delighted to get more clay, but it was added to the castles rather than played with on their own.My boys did have interest in the Dino Destruction sets when they saw them, but this dinosaur has a rather underwhelming tail flicking action that didn't live up to their hopes of a TRex or catapulting Ankylosaur. If you are looking for a self contained afternoon of fun, get one of the full sets and if you are looking to augment that set, get this one.Otherwise, my boys have had fun with these sets, just wanted to give heads up that with just one dino and less clay and molds, this doesn't have the interactive fun the full sets have.
This is an interesting concept as an alternative to Play-Doh.  It's also some better suited for your slightly older child.  Ones the molds set, your child can create some cool scenes.The material can be used again.  I found it to flake a little, but much easier to clean up that Play-Doh.  That stuff drives us crazy, yet my wife and I both loved it when we were kids.If your kid is into Dino Dan or he/she needs to blow off some steam, this is a great toy to do that with.
"I HAVE TO ADMIT...I did not have high expectations for this toy after the disappointment of the Fortress Invasion set. (In the Fortress Invasion set, you have to let the pieces dry overnight, making the compound non-reusable.) The dinosaur is really cute; the bottoms of his feet have stamps on them, so you leave word impressions on the pieces once you smash them. We had a lot of trouble getting the pieces out of the molds. We finally ended up leaving enough ""extra"" Morphix on the edge to be able to ""peel"" the piece out and then we just trimmed the excess. This process worked well for us. The prep time for the toy is way longer than the playtime for the toy. But that was okay, because molding the pieces was pretty fun too once we figured out what worked for us.The play mat is pretty small, so make sure you have something covering the play surface, especially if you are using this with younger children."
The preschool boys made a big mess with this.  No problem, it wasn't in my house.  I had taken this to my preschool, let them loose and observed.  It's amazing how boys create games and all participate.  What organization.Except for the mess.  Tiny crumbs everywhere.  No problem, people will vacuum this up.  A fun mess.
The Crayola Create 2 Destroy Dino Destruction Stomping Mall comes with two tubs of Morphix Modeling Dough. 1 tub of blue and one tub of red. The tubs are fairly large and there is plenty for use in this destruction set. You should even have some extra to spare if some of it were to dry out or get dirty and have to be discarded. Morphix is really good dough to use in molds because it releases from the molds fairly easy and doesn&#8217;t leave much of a mess at all. If there is any mess left behind it will probably just be same small pieces, like sand that you might need to sweep or broom up. I would suggest playing on a hard floor of some sort.  Its moist dough with a grainy texture and it can be used over and over again. Just be sure to use on freshly cleaned surface or it will catch dirt and hair and it will end of being gross. The set comes with molds to make 16 different assorted cars, homes, trees, boats, buildings and even a ferris wheel. They are easy to make but they don&#8217;t always hold together very well. Once you design and create your town you can attack it with the included dinosaur. You can use the dinosaur tail to flick or catapult dough made boulders at your town. Or you can use the dinosaur and act like Godzilla and smash through the town while smashing everything it your path. My Son really enjoyed playing with this set and we both had a lot of laughs and a good time.
"Many younger kids enjoy smashing and crashing their toys, my five year old nephew is no exception.  This Crayola Create 2 Destroy Dino Destruction Stomping Mall was exactly what he wanted to try.Likes:*Most kids like dinosaurs.  They like dinosaurs smashing up stuff even more!  My young nephew and his buddies took turns molding the structures and then smashing them.  Lots of fun!*Dinosaur has a spring loaded tail to smack or launch the molded Morphix structures.*Easy to play with.  Just press the Morphix compound into the 17 different molds for vehicles, boats, structures, trees, buildings, etc., tap them out on the play mat, and let the destruction begin!*""All Crayola Art Materials are Non Toxic"".  Presumably this includes the Morphix compound.  Its gritty texture allows easy molding and is colorfast.  No mess to clean up afterwards.Concerns:*Morphix compound is a choking hazard for younger children with its bright colors.  Not recommended for kids under three years old.  Even the older kids may try to taste it.*With only one dinosaur, the kids had to patiently take turns molding and smashing things up, which they somehow managed OK.*Kids will undoubtedly want to buy more Create 2 Destroy sets to complete their collections.  Parents/guardians be prepared to spend some dough.Overall:A fun create and smash up toy for all the kids with the natural need for imaginative destruction!"
Another great Crayola dinosaur destruction set. My 4 year old grandson really adores the Crayola dinosaur destruction kits.What is more fun than being able to squish and make things and destroy them and play with dinosaurs.  For the parents who do not like the gainy dough that is provided, all you have to do is replace it with regular Play Doh as we did for awesome fun.
"We also have theCrayola Create 2 Destroy Dino Destruction Metropolitan Mayhemand my 7 year old wanted this matching set because he liked it so much. It is very similar to the Dino Destruction Metropolitan Mayhem except it just has one dinosaur and two tubs of morphix. From an adult perspective, it doesn't add much, but the kids see the bigger set as pretty nice, given their ""more is better"" outlook.This is and edited version from my other review since the same things generally hold:Morphix is a gritty clay. They warn you not to use it on tabletops or floors or anywhere you don't want things scratched because it is abrasive. It's like the kids are playing with sandpaper. The real problem, however, is the molding does not work well at all. Most of the molds are on a long strip and, once you get the Morphix in, you can't get it out without ruining it. The only technique that I found works is for an adult to slap to mold into their hand. The kids have a very hard time with this.Even if you get the mold to work, they don't look that good. In getting them out of the mold, they become misshapen and it takes a bit of patience to build as many as it would take to fill up the play area.Some folks think you are supposed to let the Morphix dry before demolding, but I don't think that is the case as you wouldn't be able to crush and remold. It does say it will begin to dry in about 4 hours, but I take that as more of a warning not to leave the clay out.This is fine if you have a play area that can handle some abuse. The larger set is more fun because it has two volcanos and two dinos, but this is a nice addition. I would like it much less as a stand-alone."
We have had great fun with some of the other Crayola sets but this one was a much smaller set.  It has a play mat, part of the box that comes apart, and a dinosaur, and two sets of &#8220;Morphix,&#8217; a &#8220;colored creative compound,&#8221; which is a lot like a granular play dough.  The 17 molds don&#8217;t have the same quality as a playdoh set, though and are very small and not terribly easy to get the molded pieces out of.The world that is set up in the picture would be very difficult and time consuming to build, as the molded pieces don&#8217;t come out very easily or cleanly.  You spend a lot more time building than smashing.The novelty of the dinosaur&#8217;s tail makes up for some of this but you can&#8217;t really set up two sides, as there is only one dinosaur, so the other side just gets pummeled and stomped on.  I guess one person could try to build the things the dinosaur stomps on and throws things at while the other player stomps on and throws things.
This toy is so simple but it is deceptively so. I was really surprised at how much fun it is.First, I was a little disappointed to see the board was coated cardboard. I thought is should be plastic. But after I saw the beating the board took without getting messed up, I decided cardboard probably absorbs the banging better. And believe me, there will be smashing, crushing, and banging.My kids wished they had a little more of the Morphix, modeling compound. But that is because they had crafted a huge long scenario. I did not think the amount was skimpy. Basically, you make molds of differnt elements out of the modeling compound and then smash it with a dinosaur. Like I said, it's really simple. Bu the kids played with it for hours.
Super cool create and destroy dinosaur set that my kids love! They spend hours making their own little Jurassic Park, complete with the included play mat. I love these sets and the way you can combine them with each other.
This is a perfect gift for young boys that love to smash and love to smash things with dinosaurs. The morphix mix is something of a cross between playdough and floam, a bit grainy and a little heavier in weight which lets you stack your molded objects. Use the included cardboard playmat for easier clean up, we use it on the hardwood floor as it can be a bit difficult to contain the mix, but our three and a half year old seems to love it.
Crayola always makes new things that kids love. This kit comes with a play mat, a dino, Morphix which is a stiffer Playdoh, and 17 molds making things from buildings to cars to trees. Once you make the molds with Morphix or Playdoh that's lying around the house, you put them on the play mat and destroy them by stomping on them with the dino or you can shoot a boulder from the dino's tail.I think that it's a great idea they included the boulder flinger because it can get boring just stomping on things. The Playdoh works better when it's fresh. After you leave it out for a long time it starts to go stale and harden. After a while it just becomes very hard to use. Even though it states that it won't crumble, it still can happen so make sure to play with it where you don't mind making a mess.You can also get more sets and put them together to create giant mall and then use all your Morphix to make lots of buildings to destroy everything. When you're doing that, Amazon also sells extra Morphix you can buy to create more buildings and therefore have more to destroy. It encourages your child to be creative and imaginative instead of playing with electronics.Little kids usually like destroying things and just laugh when they do. I would definitely recommend this to a friend who has a small child that likes to destroy things.
This kit comes with a plastic dinosaur, a cardboard play mat, some molds, and one tub each of red and blue &#34;Morphix,&#34; a gritty dough.  Once your kids use the molds and the Morphix to put together enough buildings to create an urban landscape, the dinosaur can smash it, either directly or by throwing pieces of Morphix with his tail.It's quite a bit of fun - basically an indoor version of making a tiny sandcastle village, then smashing it, with the added bonus of a dinosaur.  It's small, but I wouldn't expect much more for the price.The only major downside is that it's a pain to get the Morphix out of the molds.  My kids wedged it out before it dried, which meant that they could squish and re-use it when they were done, but it was hard to get out.  Other than that, very cool.
So let's see, what do we have here?-Putty that scratches and stains any surface it touches.-A tiny mat so you can use the putty.-Molds for the putty.-A Happy Meal quality toy dinosaur, worth maybe $1.This product seems designed to annoy and disappoint parents and children equally. A disposable, destructive, annoying box full of soon-to-be-trash.Save your money.
"I got this product through the Amazon Vine program to review.  I wasn't sure exactly what I was getting.  You end up getting the below in this kit:- 1 tub of red molding material- 1 tub of blue molding material- A number of molds of cars and buildings- A laminated paper mat with a cityscape on it- 1 Dinosaur with a place to mold stuff under his shell and a tail that can whip back and forthYou basically use the molding material (which is sandy in texture and dries fairly quickly to a hard material) in the molds to make cars and buildings.  Then you remove the shapes from their molds and let them dry at least 4 hrs, preferably over night.  The next morning you can line up the building and cars and throw boulders that you have molded at them with the dinosaur.  I think the things you made are supposed to break and fall apart but we didn't have that happen.I used this with my 6 year old son and he enjoyed it.  He liked molding the objects but had trouble removing stuff from the mold.  He also enjoyed using the dinosaurs tail to through boulders at things and knock them down, but was disappointed that nothing actually broke.It was something that was fun for a couple hours but the pieces he made are just gathering dust now.  So not something that had a lot of lasting value to it.  We could buy more tubs of the molding material and make more cars and buildings, but I am not sure what we would do with them.This is kind of neat set and it would be fun to get more colors of molding material and different molds to build different things, but it's not the greatest type of ""building"" material out there.Pros:- Fun to mold pieces- Boulders sit in dinosaurs tail nicely and the tail does a good job of catapulting them.- Material hardens pretty well, resulting in durable pieces to play with- The play mat is nice to have and helps some with the mess.Cons:- It is very hard to remove pieces from the mold without distorting them.  Directions say to tap them out, we ended up having to slam the molds against the counter to get them out.  My son wasn't able to do it and I had to remove the pieces for him.- You have to wait 4+ hours for the material to harden before playing with it.- The objects are not ""destroyed"" when they are played with, they just fall over.  If you really crush something hard with the dinosaur you can break it, but it's not easy.- Very limited colors (you only have two) and you can only use the molding material once since it hardens after use.- The molding material is very abrasive, so you have to be careful about not using on wood/metal surfaces that can scratch.  You should always use the play mat under it."
There are just some things that I absolutely love about Crayola.  One of them is that they've designed an entire series called Create 2 Destroy!  It's utterly brilliant in idea, if not always execution.  Because as anyone with kids will tell you, they all love building things and knocking them down.  And if you add dinosaurs into the picture, well even better!  The Dino Destruction Stomping Mall is one of their latest creations and it's another winner.  It isn't necessarily my favorite from the series (I liked that Metropolitan Mayhem included two dinosaurs by contrast), but it's still a worthy addition.The set has a play mat to set up your scenario.  In a stunning amount of forethought and cross promotion, the mats from different sets are actually designed to work together to make larger and larger canvases of destruction.  In Stomping Mall, there are 17 molds with which you can make a variety of buildings, cars, trees, and other structures like a Ferris wheel.  Using your Morphix (kind of like a grainier, stiffer Playdoh), you press these shapes out as you like and strategically place them about your mat.  Then when you have an idyllic burg, you can bring destruction down from the heavens in the form of a dinosaur with a mean catapult tail.  When your set is appropriately smashed, you can reuse the Morphix again.Caution: Morphix is an odd entity.  I wouldn't let it sit out too long.  Only make the buildings when you're prepared to wreak havoc.  It's already so grainy and unweildy, try to keep it as fresh as possible for longevity's sake.  Also, be careful.  It claims not to crumble, but this can happen and cause a bit of a mess.  So I wouldn't recommend setting up the mat on furniture or carpeting, especially with that dinosaur hurling things about.For us, the Create 2 Destroy line is about imagination and making up mini-movies.  We will incorporate little people from other toys (usually scaled much larger than the buildings, but no matter) and make it an on-going disaster movie with only one survivor.  In that way, you can help create storytelling and creativity while still relishing the smashing of things!  Best of both worlds.  KGHarris, 10/13.
Crayola meets play dough the reusable dough is interesting and not having the weird smell. The kit has plenty for a child to find fun and imagination in destroying things with a big dinosaur.
I think this is a fun toy.  It comes with a medium-small dino, and 2 jars of easily shapeable 'space foam' which is like really colorful, non-messy foam that is so easy to mold, and has a lot of body thanks to tiny particulate (styrofoam?) beads in it.  Most parents will know it, and recognize that it isn't a mess or toy to be feared.  It also has mold strips each of which has several different shapes, and a playboard.The child can mold the foam into different shapes that go on the playmap- like buildings- and then the dino can come through and DESTROY It all.  The foam is really good at being reusable so it can go right back into the molds to be rebuilt and stomped again.It's a good learning toy that will familiarize kids with the concept of maps, and molds, recycling, and, of course, dinosaurs!  I like this toy and think it is very well thought out.
I'm always a little apprehensive when it comes to things that have any type of dough in them, as I usually end up finding bits smashed into the carpet a day or two later.  But I was pleasantly surprised with this set!  We didn't have a problem with the dough breaking into tiny pieces (like play-dough often does) and there's a wide variety of molds to use.  My seven-year-old son and his friend spent HOURS playing with this!  I think it's an excellent set to encourage creativity and it doesn't make as much of a mess as I had anticipated.  My son loves it and gives it a huge thumbs up.  I think he and his friend will get lots of play time out of this.My husband even sat down to play with him one evening!  They had the best time building their own cars and set ups.  Crayola has really branched out, and we love some of the new products they've come up with!  I would definitely recommend this for any kid of elementary school age.
I think this is a great little toy for getting some energy out while sitting &#34;still.&#34;  The dino is adorable but not &#34;too cute&#34;  so you wont mind smashing into your creations.  Sometimes a kid just needs to smoosh something.  This toy is for that moment. Proved big fun with the 4 year old.
The Crayola Create 2 Destroy Dino Destruction shopping mall is a play kit with an oddly-textured modeling clay in blue and red colors, a play mat, clay molds, and a dinosaur with a catapult tail.This toy is recommended for ages 5-15 but it is really more suitable for the lower end of that age range.The clay is hard to get out of the molds and then the children are supposed to wait overnight for it to dry. If they are impatient, the dinosaur and just squish the objects rather than breaking them.I wasn't overly impressed with this set and especially thought the blue and red clay colors were a poor choice, but the youngsters enjoyed playing with it and launched balls of modeling clay at each other with the plastic dinosaur-cum-catapult.  No worries about any injuries as the catapult is not particularly forceful.
Good toy for kids that like molding. The material is kind of like a playdoh. It takes several hours to dry. I wish it would come with more colors (only red and blue here). Also the material is abrasive so definitely I'm glad it came with the protective cardboard.My son likes the dino and definitely enjoys smashing things, will see how long he will play this.
This looks better on the commercial then it does in real life. The set is small. Theres not really much to do but make blocks out of clay that is really hard. Also kids just left it and played with the dinosaur. Good idea wrong concept.
This toy is much more than just a building or molding toy.  The Dinosaur is easy to use.  It also comes with 17 different molds to make the buildings/blocks/etc and 2 containers of molding dough.  We also added our own playdough for more colors and things that the dino can stomp on.  The box itself is the mat, which is nice and keeps the dough from getting crumbs/dirt in it.  The Dino's tail is a catapult for shooting.  My 4 year old nephew loves this toy, but for younger ones (I would say 4-5 years old) you may have to help them while they play.  Pulling the dough out of some of the molds can be a bit tricky for little hands.  Overall, this is a fun toy and my nephew enjoys playing with it for long periods at a time!
This Dino Destuction Stomping Mall was right up my son's alley. He had a blast creating objects and being able to destroy them with the dinosaur in the end. It was fun and creative and most of all non messy, the morphix was easy to mold and clean up. The set comes with a play mat, morphix and different types of molds to build and create whatever you want to destruct in the end, the morphix is like play dough but has a thicker grittier texture which makes stacking and molding the pieces together much easier but it did take awhile to dry. Overall we had a blast with this set and was impressed.
Kids love to build and they love to smash.  Things bring the two things together.  My nephew just loves this kept him (and his father) quite entertained!  Great imaginative toy.
This set was not as much fun as anticipated. Getting the dough in the molds is easy, getting them out is another story. If you want them to dry, you have to wait days.. if you try to take them out before they are dry, they do not come out in the shapes.. they pull apart. There is no easy way to get them out. You'd be better off to just make shapes and pieces with your hands and skip the molds all together.The playing surface is jut cardboard. The dino toy is rather small. The shapes that the molds make are very small, which lends to them being so difficult to remove.I think you could have just as much fun, if not more fun, with any other clay/dough and some action figures or toy dinosaurs etc. This set is too much of a hassle and just not worth it in my opinion.The dough itself is fairly unique though. It is very gritty and the texture is very appealing to kids to squish around in their hands. It is more fun just to &#34;mess around with&#34; and experience the feeling of it, than to play with it as intended with the whole set.
This is a new modeling craft toy made by Crayola that is easy to mold and doesn't require to dry before removing from the molds; that way you can enjoy our creation in an instant. Includes molds of cars, buildings, ships, and more.  The substance will also lose its softness eventually if left expose for hours - just not as quick as PlayDo.Caution:The substance is abrasive, it can scratch your table. It also can stain lacquer finish. Just beware.
"I wasn't quiet sure what to expect with this set,  but me and the kiddos are pretty impressed. The included morphix reminds me of floam. Its easy to use and can be shaped over and over again.  There are other colors, and sets that can be purchased to go along with this one.The play mat is cardboard and I think a plastic one would have been better. My son enjoys using the many included molds to set up the ""mall"". However he simply loves destroying everything with the included dinosaur. He just laughs and laughs then repeats the process.No batteries are needed and that is just great,  since almost everything these days requires them.  Its a great set that any kid who loves dinosaurs or play doh type toys."
I got this set up for my son and his friends so when they got home from school they would have a nice suprise waiting for them. They came home with that tired bored look in their eyes until I told them to go to the kitchen table. Boy did they light up then! LOL They were having so much fun I called my sons friends parents to let them know they would be eating dinner over my house. I was afraid I would not be able to get rid of them! LOLThey loved this toy! They are all into dinosaurs-at least for the next five minutes-so this was alot of fun for them. The toy was durable and by the time I separated them from the toy it still looked brand new. They liked the shapes and feel of the toys on their hands-from their mouths not mine.If you are looking for a perfect X-mas toy for a young boy this is it!Thumbs up!
This fun toy comes with a dinosaur like creature called a Crushosaurus, 17 molds, a play mat and two containers of  blue and red &#8220;morphix.&#8221;  The morphix is a moldable substance that allows children to create and destroy objects they just made with the dinosaur like creature.The morphix has little odor. It does not stick to cloths or furniture (so far). It seems to hold up well to long use.The Crushosaurus looks like a dinosaur and has a tail that will catapult objects. It is well made and should last.This is a fun toy that seems safe to use.  It allows children to destroy objects they made and then remake them. If a child likes dinosaurs and a little harmless destruction he or she should like this
I think most boys enjoy getting their hands dirty and destroying things and although you don't literally get your hands real dirty doing this, it still feels cool, and messy.So you have this Morphix Compound that's sorta like play-doh.You take chunks of the Morphix and press it into any of the 17 molds.You then pop your Morphix out of the mold which they make it seem a bit easier than it is.  We've learned to use the edge of a butter knife or toothpick to go around the edge of the mold in order to help the Morphix pop out easier.  We still have to bank it on the table a bit to get it to truly come out.  It's not real hard but your molded creations don't always look the way they should.After you've used up your Morphix creating molded pieces for your town, you then set it all up on the play mat.Then you take your dino and start smashing and destroying.It's a bit time consuming setting everything up for just a few minutes of destroying but my 10-year-old son has fun throughout the whole process.  He enjoys Crayola's Create 2 Destroy products and has asked for more.  I would recommend it.
