Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
"My kids are both fans of Jake and the Never Land Pirates, so this is a great addition to our toys.  We've got a lot of the figures already, so this makes them even more fun!  It goes perfectly withFisher-Price Disney's Jake and The Never Land Pirates - Jake's Musical Pirate Ship BuckyandFisher-Price Disney's Jake and The Never Land Pirates: Hook's Adventure Rock.Out of the box, you get the hideout playset, Jake, 3 cannon ""bullets"" as the boys call them, and the tiki.The lowdown - this toy is much more fun with the other characters, especially if you have more than one child, or if this is going to be used with friends.  Also, the tiki is not very easy to turn the knob that opens/closes the hideout doors, but fingers both little and big will get it to turn easily.  So, have fun with the Tiki, but skip using it to open the secret doors.The Hideout is well-made in my opinion. I've had some toys that fall apart in a fraction of the time it took to put them together (I'm thinking of a Pokemon playset that started off VERY fun, but now falls apart pretty fast), so far, we've not had any of the parts come apart, although I know the slide and the cannon can come off.One final note - last year, we had a Jake and the Neverland Birthday Party, and I had the bath toy Pirate Ship on the cake and bought the extra characters who were also on the cake.  While this one might be too heavy, you could probably have fun with it and get the slide to end on the cake, etc."

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.04836520180106163,0.04980110749602318,0.047421474009752274,0.0512225441634655,0.051763132214546204,0.04397491365671158,0.05328337848186493,0.05432209372520447,0.053515419363975525,0.0495099239051342,0.05034145712852478,0.04948844388127327,0.04944070428609848,0.04763917997479439,0.04644475504755974,0.04924288019537926,0.048991717398166656,0.047004926949739456,0.05388294532895088,0.054343800991773605
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
This is a very cute and generally sturdy toy. My daughter loves Jake and the Neverland Pirates, and she took immediately to this set. She's still playing with it now, a few weeks later.My only real complaint is that the set does not come with all three kids. You have to buy a separate set for that, and then you end up with two different Jakes. Why not give us the whole crew?
this is a nice toy, but hardly memorable.  in the world of my child's toys, this toy got about 1-2 weeks attention, then she moved on.  she is a fan of the jake show, but the toy just didnt have enough pizzazz to keep her engaged.  at $32 or so a pop, it makes it a bit harder to justify a 1-2 week toy.  i will say all things considered, its a high quality toy and will withstand hard play, so that's an advantage.  so, if your child is a particularly eager jake fan, it may be good toy, but you probably need the particular interest to get into this one.
"When I ordered this Fisher Price toy through the Amazon Vine program, I had never heard of Jake and the Never Land Pirates. Upon receiving it, I gave it to my brother for his grandchildren. It was only then that I noticed the Disney name. My brother told me that Jake and the Never Land Pirates is a TV show that his grandkids happen to love. They also love this elaborate playhouse (which is how I'd describe it) inspired by the show.What's not to love?You get a tree house, an alligator whose mouth opens and shuts, a slide, a crow's nest, balconies, a cannon, and probably a few other things. It's a requirement of the Amazon Vine program that I review each product that I receive, but I'm not the one who should be writing this. The kids are too young to scribble much more than their names at this time, but I bet the word ""Wow"" would appear repeatedly if they could type out a review.I'm not sure about this toy's educational value, but I know I would have had fun with it when I was a kid.Brian W. Fairbanks"
"Ok, this toy gets high marks off the bat for two important concerns of mine - super easy to assemble and they don't make you put the decorative stickers on it.For plastic it is actually very well made, except for two annoyances. 1) The slide detaches too easily; 2) The dorky extra piece to raise and lower the ""nest"" doesn't fit well on the part that needs to be turned to raise and lower.Otherwise, this is an excellent toy if your kid loves Jake and the Never Land Pirates."
I am amazed at the design of this product.  It has solid construction and keeps my kids occupied for a really long time.  I love the design of the barrel that makes the three different sections move (the balcony thing, the doorway and the alligator).  It's nice to have a moving component - it adds a lot of interest.  The only thing I don't love is that the slide comes off really easily, but we just put it in the container with all the Jake pieces.  I'm impressed.
"My girls (ages 3 and 6) love Jake and the Never Land Pirates. We have all of the toys (Bucky, the Jolly Roger, Adventure Rock, Skull Island, Etc.) and have every episode on our DVR. The toys keep my girls entertained for long periods of time. We are always excited to see new Jake and the Never Land Pirate toys.  They are always great.We were very excited to see this new playset from the Jake and the Never Land pirates cartoon.  This is a cool new set called the Magical Tiki Hideout that looks a lot like their secret tree house hideout from the cartoon.  It comes with another Jake figure, of which we have several, as well as the typical water cannon and water projectiles.  This playset is a little different than the previous toys where the tiki totem pole thing activates the secret hideout features by placing the tiki on three special ""X Marks the Spots"".  This is a fun little interactive feature.  It also has a slide an a couple of fold-down doors on each side.  It has a decent amount of play area where you can fit your other figures and fight off Captain Hook.  So far, the quality looks good.Overall, this is another fun Jake and the Never Land Pirates set for your kids.  It goes very well with all of the other playsets and my girls love it.  They really can't get enough of the Jake toys.  Highly Recommended!"
Like a lot of kids these days, mine are big Jake and the Neverland Pirates fans so they were very excited to see this arrive. I couldn't open the packaging fast enough for them. It only comes with a Jake figure so you'll need to get the rest of his crew to maximize your fun. We already had the other ones so that wasn't a big deal for us and now we even have a duplicate Jake figure from this.The playset works easily for the kids. The crows nest goes up and down by turning a knob or using the magical tiki to turn the knob for you. It can be a little difficult for younger kids to line up the tiki but they seem to have no problem doing it manually. The canon shoots and comes with 3 &#34;bullets&#34; but you'll need to keep an eye on them as they can get lost if kids shoot them under furniture or just misplace them.Overall, this is a fun playset that combines well with the Jake's pirate ship for a complete Neverland experience.
I don't think my granddaughter has a clue who Jake is.  I know I don't.  However, she does like to play with the small play houses, if the pieces are not too small for her to manage.This play set works.  It is cute, things are manageable for pre-schooler hands, and it encourages imaginative play.  It seems reasonably sturdy.  It does only come with a single figure, which means that additional pieces would have to be purchased separately.  (I'm assuming that they are available.)It keeps her attention, and anything that keeps a 3 yr old's attention without making a mess is a good thing.
Fisher Price makes clever toys much of the time and I would put this one in the middle of the pack. The extra playful functions are not as reliable or easily manipulated as in other toys. I am also not sure about the projectile cannon for the average age range of Jake the Pirate fans.  It is also easily detachable, essentially making it a gun if so desired. And the doors are easily detached, too, making for lots of parental reattachment. That said, it is cute and inspires plays especially for fans of the show. However, my biggest complaint is the lack of another character. I know the money is now made by selling extra characters separately, but even the Sailwagon in this line comes with three figures so why couldn't we have at least one more in this one for the size and price of the set? So do plan to buy at least one other set or the character set at least if you are getting this. One Jake without friends or enemies does not a lot of fun make.
Oh my gosh!  I can't tell you how much the 3 year old boy I got this for loved it!  Apparently Jake is his favorite little guy and the Magical Tiki Hideout was a huge hit for him.  It really is cute, built like all Fisher-Price toys...built to last...It isn't easily portable as it doesn't fold or close down so keep that in mind if you want to take it along.  Other than that, I think it is perfect!!
I have a 3-year-old who loves Jake and the Never Land Pirates and he loves this toy. It's full of neat features like the cannon that shoots, moveable parts, and a secret compartment. The toy provides hours of fun and my son hasn't gotten bored with it yet. The only thing that's missing is another character besides Jake... We made up for it in the short term by grabbing characters from unrelated play sets.
"Good construction and very sturdy. I have to say I had trouble getting it out of the box--until I was almost done and saw the ""open here"" on the BOTTOM of the whole thing. So, turn it over to get started. I used this in therapy with boys that love Jake. The hide out is fun and keeps them busy. The cannon ""projectiles"" go far but I wish they had given a few more with the set. This only comes with ONE figurine of Jake-nothing elsem so I did buy a supplemental set because if you  have more than one playing, you really do need more characters. Also, the ""magical tiki"" is way more bother than fun. We ended up using it as a barrel and doing the key turning with our fingers. My students are 3-5 years old and all had good, imaginative play with this."
"My son is a huge fan of Disney's ""Jake and the Never Land Pirates.""  He watches the show on a regular basis and every time we visit the toy aisle of the store, he has to take a few moments to play with all of the ""Never Land"" toys.  One toy he has been fond of for awhile was Jake's Magical Tiki Hideout.The set features two levels to play on and comes with an included Jake figure.  It also features a Tiki that can be used on three X's to open the secret entrance, make Tick Tock Croc chomp around, or raise the Crow's Nest.  There is a slide, a firing cannon, and a crane also included.The set can be used with other sets like Hook's Jolly Roger Pirate Ship and the Pirate Skull Island.  At least one figure comes with all of these sets, and figures can also be purchased in multi-packs as well.If your child enjoys pirate adventure, this is a fun toy for them.Recommended."
"Today I gave this set to my grandson, and he was very excited to see it! He was able to understand how to use it very quickly and easily, as was expected at his age of 3.5. He played with it for at least an hour even without the accompanying figures that can be purchased separately. However, watching him play with this Jake set, my daughter and I had some misgivings. Despite the clever ""tiki"" that allows all the ""magical"" things to happen, it is not entirely well designed. We specifically object to two things. First, the telescope and the cannon are attached to two fold-down doors in the upper level of the tree. These doors are quite flimsy and could be very easily broken off by a child merely stumbling, bumping, or accidentally forcing them in a downward or sideways manner. We had to remind him several times to be extremely careful not to lean on these doors in any way. This problem is exacerbated by the fact that the cannon is detachable. We think that is an awful idea. For one thing, downward pressure on the already-flimsy door could truly cause it to break when the child is merely trying to put the cannon back on, because some pressure must be exerted. Second, and more importantly, the cannon fires projectiles whether it is attached or not attached. The projectiles are spear-like and have no safety features to speak of. The cannon does not fire with force, and I doubt that anyone could truly be hurt by them except for perhaps a newborn. But I think most will agree that a cannon attached to a tree house firing at an imaginary Captain Hook's boat is quite different than a detachable cannon held in the hand and firing projectiles at . . . who knows what? There just seems to be a different intention which we don't like, since we discourage toy gun use. This cannon effectively becomes a gun because it is detachable. I am sure my grandson will get hours of fun play from this set, yet I would never buy it for him based on the things we discovered. He became frustrated with our reminders to be careful, careful, careful not to break this set. (He has many playsets including almost the entire Fisher Price Imaginext line, and these issues don't exist with those.) This is a review of a product obtained as an Amazon Vine reviewer, and I wish to reiterate that if I had purchased this product, I would be returning it."
"I am a huge fan of Jake's pirate ship that came out about a year ago, so was excited to be offered this hideout. But it was very disappointing.First off, you are supposed to use this tiki to turn and open the hideout.  Well, it's HUGE and it's BEHIND the leaves, so it makes it very hard to use it to open it. All my kids basically discarded the tiki and ended up pulling the leaves open manually; which of course leads to the eventually breaking off and me having to constantly put them on again for them.  They should have put a button on the backside of the hideout to open the leaves; simple but still neat.Second, the ""slide"" does not snap on at all, it just sits in the hole. Well, it's also basically unusable because it just comes right off if you breathe on it.So I just can't recommend the toy. The idea of it is REALLY neat like all the Jake the Pirate items. But it's just very poorly executed and disappointing because of that. I do love the boat they made in this set; so if your son or daughter likes Jake the Pirate I HIGHLY recommend that one!"
My three year old daughter loves Jake and the Neverland Pirates so she has a lot of fun with this playset. Fortunately, there are very few detachable parts and no stickers so assembly is minimal. It's also made of a thick plastic which is nice. The cannon that shoots is is fun and my daughter enjoys sending Jake down the slide, making the alligator go around and raising the tower. The magic tiki works great but make sure you put batteries in it. My only complaints are that the few detachable pieces do fall off pretty easily, especially the slide and that it only comes with Jake. Value for price might be somewhat low but my daughter enjoys playing with it and that's what's most important.
This is a great toy for Jake and the Neverland Pirates lovers. IT has a lot of little activities included and a Jake figurine. The kids loved it and there was a fight over who got to play with it first. Great toy for the price and pretty sturdy.
We picked up Jake's Magical Tiki Hideout Playset for our 7 year old. He really likes it, especially the cannon feature. It seems to be of sturdy construction as it continues to survive in his room.For the price point, I think this set really should have come with a few more characters, which you are able to buy separately. If you think your child would prefer a set with more than 1 character, then you should consider one of the other sets. However, if you already have some of the other Jake and the Never Land Pirates sets and characters, this will be a nice addition to your child's toy arsenal.My rating is 3 stars.
I am not sure who Jake and the Never Land Pirates are, I assume they are linked to Peter Pan.  But, I didn't judge the set on this.  It is a fun set.  The gator's head snaps, the cannon works, the secret look out is fun and there is a slide.  I like the tiki centerpiece.
"My kids are both fans of Jake and the Never Land Pirates, so this is a great addition to our toys.  We've got a lot of the figures already, so this makes them even more fun!  It goes perfectly withFisher-Price Disney's Jake and The Never Land Pirates - Jake's Musical Pirate Ship BuckyandFisher-Price Disney's Jake and The Never Land Pirates: Hook's Adventure Rock.Out of the box, you get the hideout playset, Jake, 3 cannon ""bullets"" as the boys call them, and the tiki.The lowdown - this toy is much more fun with the other characters, especially if you have more than one child, or if this is going to be used with friends.  Also, the tiki is not very easy to turn the knob that opens/closes the hideout doors, but fingers both little and big will get it to turn easily.  So, have fun with the Tiki, but skip using it to open the secret doors.The Hideout is well-made in my opinion. I've had some toys that fall apart in a fraction of the time it took to put them together (I'm thinking of a Pokemon playset that started off VERY fun, but now falls apart pretty fast), so far, we've not had any of the parts come apart, although I know the slide and the cannon can come off.One final note - last year, we had a Jake and the Neverland Birthday Party, and I had the bath toy Pirate Ship on the cake and bought the extra characters who were also on the cake.  While this one might be too heavy, you could probably have fun with it and get the slide to end on the cake, etc."
