Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
"My seven-year-old daughter loves American Girl stuff, so anything branded as such will naturally get a second look from her.  Honestly, for her I think this is part of the appeal of this item - if it were branded ""Joe's Button Clock kit"" it's doubtful she would want anything to do with it.That said, it's a nice product.  My daughter is somewhat crafty and she had fun making this, with very little (if any) guidance from me.  While I realize we aren't going to get a swiss time movement with this clock, I kind of wish the movement seemed a little more sturdy, but that's a nit.  For a craft kit that nets you something with utility, this is a great item!"

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.055312078446149826,0.06139235571026802,0.05907478928565979,0.05763982608914375,0.05722391605377197,0.05763642489910126,0.058810096234083176,0.058743204921483994,0.062016479671001434,0.05973049998283386,0.05805034935474396,0.05975151062011719,0.06100175157189369,0.05733095854520798,0.059075336903333664,0.05632878839969635,0.06088168919086456
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
"American girl seems to be a hit with pre-tween girls.  They've done a good job with their ""Crafts"" line of kits too.  This one may hold your daughter's attention and teach her a little about sewing.  It did for mine.UNBOXING:The Pretty Button Clock comes in an 11 x 10.5 x 1.5"" box.  There is a lot of stuff in the box for your clock creation: the directions (these are really good with both written and visual instructions), the clock, an embroidery hoop, a canvas cloth, a button template, an adhesive chipboard backing, 12 buttons of different shapes/sizes/colors, a pre-cut center doily, string, needle, and threader.  You need to provide a AA battery, scissors, and tape (and an adult if the sewing is too hard for your daughter).  The box says the project is for girls 8 years and older, but if you've taught your daughter how to use thread and needle at a younger age, I assume she won't have a problem with this project kit.REVIEW:The pink plastic embroidery hoop acts as the clock rim and hanger.  It's actually a neat project that starts off much like a cross-stitching project--stretch the canvas on the hoop, sew the buttons in, add the doily, put the clock in (there is hardware to fit the clock, but everything is finger tighten-able), and you're done.  The stitching is simple for the buttons (just thread and knot--follow the instructions), and if you have extra ones that your daughter likes better, you can add your own.  You don't have to worry about button placement either, since the clock face button template has all the holes for the button placement already cut out.  The clock also keeps pretty good time all things considered.OVERALL:If you need a neat project that'll take an hour or so of time for your daughter to make something special (and somewhat functional) that coordinates with her American Girl dolls, this is a great set.  I docked a star because it seems too simple for my daughter, but overall she liked making it, and put it up in her room with pride.  If this is something that your daughter would enjoy doing, the set is a good one.  I recommend it."
We have a 6-year-old daughter who is currently studying time in school and learning how to use a clock to tell time. She also *loves* crafts. So, what better way to help encourage her with her time-telling than to have a clock that she can make herself and hang in her room?American Girl crafts, in general, tend to be pretty well done. This one is no exception. The instructions are clear enough (with photos) that our daughter can do a lot of the craft by herself, with only a bit of help and guidance during the process. The finished product is attractive, and it is flexible enough in the creating that should numbers be wanted, they could be added. It is a working clock as well, and comes with the clockwork.All in all, I would say this would be a great activity for any child 6 years and up (with parental guidance).
My daughter has had many craft kits from American Girl and loved every one of them. This one is no exception. Some of them however have been so quick to complete that the fun was soon over. However, this project takes awhile to complete and involves a variety of skills but without being too difficult, offering great educational value and prolonging the fun of creating. The clock is really very cute. I concur with the advice given by others to iron the clock face or you will not be happy with its appearance.I have only one minor complaint. Most of the American Girl kits we have used supply a generous amount of materials. This one has pretty much the exact amount you need: the exact number of buttons (limiting your design choices)and the exact amount of embroidery floss (making those last few minutes of sewing a bit anxious as you hope you have enough to finish!) These really are minor issues but be aware of them. My daughter tends to launch into projects in an experimental fashion without carefully reading the instructions, and if I hadn't noticed others' reviews about the amount of floss and forewarned her, she would have run out!
This review was primarily written by my 10-year old daughter who put the clock together.The American Girl Pretty Button Clock is a challenging craft that puts your sewing skills to the test and shows you how to assemble your own clock.The kit comes with everything you need for the project except one AA battery. The instruction sheet is comprehensive with step-by-step pictures, sewing basics and tips, and is easy to follow. There are 4 big buttons for the 12, 3, 6 and 9 o'clock positions and 8 small buttons for the rest. The die-cut center piece comes with two choices of color (orange on one side and red on the other).It took us about 2 hours to finish the project. She was doing all the sewing and I helped her put the clock and the hands together. It wasn't easy for her to sew the buttons but she enjoyed it and having the finished clock on the wall in her room.The Pretty Button Clock is a great craft project for young girls (rated for age 8+). They get to learn basic sewing and they get a useful clock at the end of the project.
Basically this is a fun craft that took my child roughly 1-2 hours to finish. Everything you need is included, except the AA battery. I do wish American Girl had been a bit more generous with the materials included. You have exactly what you need, so there's there's small room for error or mistakes. Also, it would have been nicer if it had included real buttons; the paper ones do look a little bit chintzy. The directions are fairly straightforward and the finished product does look cute. I think this will make a great craft for 8 year or older, although they may need help here and there. Overall, I think this is one of the more useful crafts my daughter has made from American Girl and I'd recommend it.
Since my little Cuz loves American Girl and doing crafts as well I thought this would be perfect for her. This is a cool little clock and colorful so the kids will be into it. It actually works but you will need to supply the battery. The instructions are easy to follow and that helped her and her mother finish this in a couple of hours. Now some of this like the buttons are cardboard so it may be a bit on the cheap side but it still looks good. With American Girl tattooed all over I am sure any fan would be into this, plus it is a good little activity that a child and parent can do together.
"Why do I say this is a nice craft project for a child AND adult?  I think pretty much any child under the age of 13 is going to need help with this project.  You're not going to give this kit to an 8 year old girl and have any chance of success without supervision.  So definitely take that into account if you are giving this as a gift.  Our daughter is 10 and made slow but steady progress, mostly on her own, but definitely with adult supervision.  Our daughter can actually use a sewing machine already and do basic seam repair by hand.That said, this is a very nice kit.  It looks great when completed, with attractive colors that pretty much any girl will like.  We liked that the center piece on the clock face is reversible with yellow or pink, since our daughter's room has pink decor but no yellow in it.  Definitely plan on ironing the fabric and gluing the clock center piece on as others have advised.Once completed the clock hangs nicely, and keeps accurate time using your own AA battery.  Whether you need a gift for a ""crafty"" child, or just need an excuse to do a project with your daughter, we recommend this kit as a great way to accomplish that AND decorate at the same time."
American Girl creates really cute at home projects. The finished product always looks great, but it isn't without A LOT of parent help and guidance, if not just taking over and doing them. This clock is no exception. Last year, i bought about 5 different American Girl crafts for my daughter for Xmas and none of them were easy. Even i got frustrated with some that took over 2 hours for me to do. Mainly the sewing crafts are what drove me mad. Actually, come to think of it, it was ONLY the sewing crafts that made me crazy. The only one i remember being easy enough for my daughter to do basically on her own was the American Girl Wreath.Anyway, here's what i have to say about the clock. No 8 year old i know could do this clock without lots of help. It's complex and tedious if you want it to look nice. Lots of little things you have to do that would be hard for a kid to do on their own. You have to tie the knots at the end of each string, help them line up the holes so the buttons go where they should, make sure the canvas doesn't ripple. The end result is very cute and my daughters loves it regardless of the fact that I had to do quite a bit of it for her. It was still something we made together. I like that its on the small side and isn't huge
"My seven-year-old daughter loves American Girl stuff, so anything branded as such will naturally get a second look from her.  Honestly, for her I think this is part of the appeal of this item - if it were branded ""Joe's Button Clock kit"" it's doubtful she would want anything to do with it.That said, it's a nice product.  My daughter is somewhat crafty and she had fun making this, with very little (if any) guidance from me.  While I realize we aren't going to get a swiss time movement with this clock, I kind of wish the movement seemed a little more sturdy, but that's a nit.  For a craft kit that nets you something with utility, this is a great item!"
We have several of these kits and love them all.We love the easy to understand, step by step instructions. Everything that you need is included in this kit. We would recommend this to ages 8 and up. they do take a little patience and some help from a parent but they are well worth the time. Great value for the money as well!
"First, whatever you do, guard that needle threader with your life. We spent a lot of time playing ""find the needle threader"" because each time we put it down, it seemed to blend into the rug. Also, the threader is flimsy. You'll be lucky if it lasts you to the end of the project, so treat it gently. Threading the needle without it is not tons of fun.With that in mind, if you and your daughter/niece/granddaughter (or male child who sews!) enjoy crafting, this is a great way to spend time together and end up with a final product that she can look at with pride and remember your time together. My daughter does not have the skills or patience that would be required to work on it alone (at age 10), so we took turns sewing things on, which also made it go faster. It was nice to have a chance to spend time together---she tends to talk about herself more freely when we do a project like this.Yes, the final project is not the sturdiest thing in the world, but aren't you going to hang it on a wall? It should be fine if you only touch it now and then to change the battery (not included, by the way).The other reviewers are correct; you should plan on two or three hours for this project. Also, if you are like us, plan to complete it all in one session so it does not end up on the ""incomplete project"" heap, which is not what you want to teach your child at all. Happy sewing!"
I got the American Girls Pretty Button Clock for my crafty nine-year-old niece.  I thought she'd have a lot of fun putting it together and that it'd be a nice addition to her room.This clock requires adult help and one AA battery (not included).  It'd be a fun craft for those family holiday events when there is a high grown-up to kid ratio and a nice grandmother or aunt on hand to help a little girl put this together.  Perhaps an older girl, twelve or so, could do it by herself, but my niece needed help.  It's cute and colorful but seems pretty flimsy with nothing more than the embroidery hoop and a circular piece of cardboard to give it structure.  I'm sure there are prodigies out there who can manage just fine, but after assembly, I realized the average nine-year-old has trouble telling time without numbers to help her.Overall, it is a fun little craft and looks cute, but because of the materials used, I'm not sure it will last very long.
First of all this is the coolest, most useful American Girl craft kit out there. My 11-year old granddaughter and I made it on a rainy afternoon. It took us about 2 hours. We love the finished product - but there were many glitches along the way.The instructions are very good. Be sure to follow them! However they do not suggest that you iron the canvas for the clock face. We advise that you iron the canvas first, otherwise the clock face will pucker.Our needle threader (which is included) broke. I didn't have another one and the eye of the needle (included) was too small for the embroidery floss.  I found a tapestry needle in my sewing stuff and it worked much better. There is barely enough embroidery floss to complete the project, so keep those mistakes at a minimum.Your child will need to know basic sewing in order to complete this project. My granddaughter is an experienced and skilled crafter for her age. However she became quite annoyed and frustrated with this project. We advise that you hold the hoop up to the light so you can see the holes through the canvas as you line it up, and then as you sew the buttons. That way you can keep everything lined up perfectly. I sewed the four large buttons first - 12:00, 3:00, 6:00, 9:00. That helps to stabilize the canvas and the backing so the whole piece is easier to handle. Granddaughter sewed the rest of the buttons herself and enjoyed that part.The instructions do not suggest that you glue the centerpiece to the canvas before you attach the clockworks. As I mentioned, we did this project on a rainy day. By the time we got to putting together the clockworks, our centerpiece had already begun to curl in the humidity. We spread a very thin layer of craft glue on the backside, put it place on the canvas and let it dry for a few minutes. Then we attached the clockworks. The clockworks are pretty basic, nothing fancy, but it does work with a AA battery.This kit is definitely challenging, not easy. The finished product is really cool.
In our house it's daddy who does the sewing, not mommy. Thanks to that my 7yr old daughter and I had a wonderful time sewing this together. We went into our button box and she picked out some of her favorite buttons to use instead of the ones that come with the kit. Then we spent 15 minutes deciding where the different colored buttons should go - the layout on the box is not quite right, we think. You know, so often it's the boys who get to do things like this with their dad, and it was really great to have something like this to do with my daughter, for a change. The instructions were very clear. It took about three hours. The needle-threading tool broke 2/3rds of the way through, and after that it got tricky, but we coped. Sewing the buttons was the longest/hardest part. After that, mounting the clock and adhering the backing was all pretty quick and easy. Now it's hung on her wall, and she feels a little sense of accomplishment every time she checks the clock. Happy days.
This craft is perfect for a girl who is okay with taking a few hours to complete a project. The instructions are clear and I love the cardboard template that goes on the back of the clock, adding stability to the clock as well as showing the crafter exactly where to put each button. The materials are of good quality and the clock will make a nice addition to a room.
I picked up the American Girl Crafts Button Clock Kit for my 10 year old daughter, who is an accomplished crafter. She's a fan of pretty much everything American Girl-related, so these kits have been a big hit with her. The kit includes:*a clock mechanism*embroidery hoop*canvas cloth*button template*adhesive chipboard backer*die-cut chipboard center piece*12 buttons*embroidery floss*needle*needle threaderMy daughter was able to complete the project on her own following the directions in less than two hours. It now has a prominent place on the wall in her craft room.The only additional item you'll need for this kit is an AA battery to power the clock mechanism. I highly recommend this kit for girls ages 8-12. My rating is 5 stars.
"My wife is heavily into crafting and my nearly 7 year old daughter is into American Girl Dolls, so I got this so that my wife could do a sewing-related project with my daughter.  The ""hook"" for my daughter is that the kit had ""American Girl"" on it, although nothing in the kit is particularly tied to American Girl Dolls or products.  But that was enough to get her interested.The kit contains everything you need to create a button clock (less the AA battery :-) ), but there was just enough embroidery floss, so follow the old adage to measure twice, cut once (so to speak).  My daughter is not a very experienced sewer, but with my wife's help, she did ok with this project.  The included instructions were very good.The only thing I felt was a drawback was that everything felt a little on the cheap side ... cardboard buttons instead of real ones, just barely enough floss, and so on.  But it was a fun project that wasn't overly complicated, and it gave my wife an opportunity to do ""crafts"" with my daughter.  Four stars."
