Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
The Mario Kart 7 Piranha Plant Slide Track Set is one of the better K'NEX building sets to come our way. Like all of the MK sets, they lend themselves a lot better to playing after they're built, since you're basically building a racing set and not a display piece. The quality of the set is fine. Occasionally there are some pieces that are hard to fit together, but that's true of almost every building set I've put together (even official Lego's). That's one of the major reasons why this is probably better for those over 10 who have some building sets under their belt, as I would consider some parts of this track are a bit too tricky for your average 6 year-old.All-in-all, this is a good set, especially if you already have any of the other Mario Kart K'NEX sets (they're designed to be able to interconnect multiple sets). A couple of AAA batteries for Mario's kart would have been a nice inclusion, but if you're used to buying toys, then you're more than likely used to having to check and buy batteries before bringing it home for play. This is one that's fun to build (though possibly frustrating in some places...like the Piranha Plant), and still fun to play with once you've got everything together.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.19756947457790375,0.2214994579553604,0.2111283838748932,0.21064162254333496,0.1591610610485077
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
First of all, this set is rated for kids 6 and up.  However, unless you have a master builder in your house, may I suggest you up the age a bit to about 10.  It does take a bit of connectivity knowledge to craft this set so that it works properly, and it can be a bit of a challenge even to a 10-year-old.  That said, once it is assembled (and it stays together), it is a bunch of fun.  Particularly if you have more than one of these Mario sets.  They all can connect together to have a nice setup on your family room floor.However, I must stress that this set is NOT easy to put together, nor does it stay together very easily.  Kinex has a history of that - they really are not the preferred sets in this house, this probably being only the 4th set I've ever been allowed to buy. This is a Lego house by far and again, you can adapt the Legos to something like this with their Master Builder sets.Here's a thought - these sets are great to interchange with other sets and to build other things.  But again, I would try something else if you have it in mind for someone who is a bit on the inexperienced side of building.  SUPER high on the imagination scale - you just wouldn't believe the things the boys come up with on this set!  Of course, having a man-eating fish involved always sparks the fun anyway.  I recommend this with great hesitation - I think you can do better.  If you can get it on sale cheaply, then it might be worth adding it for the piranha. Again, try to find something else.  The aggravation this causes is just a bit on the high side, even for master Lego builders.
The Mario Kart 7 Piranha Plant Slide Track Set is one of the better K'NEX building sets to come our way. Like all of the MK sets, they lend themselves a lot better to playing after they're built, since you're basically building a racing set and not a display piece. The quality of the set is fine. Occasionally there are some pieces that are hard to fit together, but that's true of almost every building set I've put together (even official Lego's). That's one of the major reasons why this is probably better for those over 10 who have some building sets under their belt, as I would consider some parts of this track are a bit too tricky for your average 6 year-old.All-in-all, this is a good set, especially if you already have any of the other Mario Kart K'NEX sets (they're designed to be able to interconnect multiple sets). A couple of AAA batteries for Mario's kart would have been a nice inclusion, but if you're used to buying toys, then you're more than likely used to having to check and buy batteries before bringing it home for play. This is one that's fun to build (though possibly frustrating in some places...like the Piranha Plant), and still fun to play with once you've got everything together.
My sons love getting sets like this as gifts.  They think they look impressive out-of-the-box and are enjoy putting them together.  After it is together, they only play with the set for a few days.  The problem then becomes space and where to store the set (so that pieces do not get lost).  My sons thought this set was extra cool because of the piranha.
The kids loved this. Big into Mario, this has all the fun of Mario racing. Easy to assemble, a bit loud, comes with a car, and so far very durable. No real educational value, but creative play abounds. Fun. Recommended.
There's a lot to like about the Mario Kart 7 Piranha Plant K'nex race-track. Children can build the track and cart using over 200 K'nex parts, including building Mario, the track, and various obstacles. The track system works with other K'nex Mario Kart sets, so you can combine them to create larger tracks. As Mario races around the track, he collects coins, while avoiding obstacles like the Goombas, Thwomps, Bowser, and more. The cart operates using a high-speed, battery-powered motor, so it's safe for little ones. All in all, this is a fun toy for the youngster in your life.
