Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
I bought these for my 4yo son, but I have to admit I really wanted to play with them, too. Even though the age says 3+ I wasn't sure if he'd be able to follow the patterns to make the cars without getting frustrated--but he jumped right in and built the spaceship with no problem! (It was made easier by being able to place the pieces right on the paper diagram--see uploaded user photo.) Then he made two cars (with a little of my help since the pieces kept snapping together) and then he was making his own shapes and vehicles without the patterns. I had fun playing with them (with him), too.I really like that they included diagrams to help get you started, and I appreciate that they are in full color on a very heavy (almost glossy) cardstock so they are very durable. I really only wish they were bound together--maybe on a spiral binding--so that the cards didn't end up all over. As it is, I will be punching holes in them and putting all the cards on metal book rings (like theSwingline 1 Inch Loose Leaf Rings).I am THRILLED that we got these and my son LOVES them. The only bad thing is now I want to add to our set and these are expensive. I guess I'll be telling grandma and grandpa about these!

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.070705845952034,0.07435038685798645,0.06912346929311752,0.07045609503984451,0.06969060003757477,0.08159923553466797,0.0678536593914032,0.07437276095151901,0.06863200664520264,0.07022305577993393,0.06845498085021973,0.07163824886083603,0.07403929531574249,0.06886035948991776
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
"This is a great toy with multi-age options. The parts have magnets that are pretty strong so that kids can build a 3-D vehicle in many various ways and the parts stick together well.There are sturdy sheets with the parts laid-out so that when the shapes match, you simply ""fold up"" the pieces to help younger ones make vehicles.The third way to play for even younger kids are the play pattern sheets that are very colorful. This helps kids see that many objects are made up of various shapes.All the parts are fairly sturdy. This is for ages 3-?. My nine-year-old and four-year-old both really enjoyed this toy. They used this with us as well as independent play."
We have a variety of MagFormers sets that have mostly been gifted to us.  They're all great and my 4 year old boy loves them.  You can do amazing things with them and there're instructions for how to make really interesting structures with them.  This set is great and very appealing to the preschool age group.I take off one star because for the love of PETE they are expensive!!  Good toys, but holy cow.
The Magformers are fun and with the 16 pieces you can be creative, this set includes some projects cards for different magformer shapes, some easier and some hard but you can start with the easy ones, also includes wheels and a driver, the quality is good and the colors are pretty.
My son is five and has had a great time building the cars and creating his own. I wish that there was a few more pieces in the box.My daughter has also enjoyed making simple shapes. I like the engineering application of building and using shapes. I think this is a great toy that can grow with your child.
My son first played with Magformers when we were at a party at someone's house, and he had a lot of fun. So, we had to get our own set! This set is small, but it is very enjoyable. It comes with cards that show you different vehicles, animals, and shapes you can create with the pieces included in the set, which makes playing with them a lot easier. The cards are made out of a laminated, thick paper, so they seem to be very durable. I can't wait to get more pieces/new sets so we can make a larger variety of things.
I bought these for my 4yo son, but I have to admit I really wanted to play with them, too. Even though the age says 3+ I wasn't sure if he'd be able to follow the patterns to make the cars without getting frustrated--but he jumped right in and built the spaceship with no problem! (It was made easier by being able to place the pieces right on the paper diagram--see uploaded user photo.) Then he made two cars (with a little of my help since the pieces kept snapping together) and then he was making his own shapes and vehicles without the patterns. I had fun playing with them (with him), too.I really like that they included diagrams to help get you started, and I appreciate that they are in full color on a very heavy (almost glossy) cardstock so they are very durable. I really only wish they were bound together--maybe on a spiral binding--so that the cards didn't end up all over. As it is, I will be punching holes in them and putting all the cards on metal book rings (like theSwingline 1 Inch Loose Leaf Rings).I am THRILLED that we got these and my son LOVES them. The only bad thing is now I want to add to our set and these are expensive. I guess I'll be telling grandma and grandpa about these!
My 4 year old boy enjoys this toy and has played with it several times.  He does not ask to get it out that often, but I do not think it is the toy's fault--I just think we have too many toys.  Here are my thoughts on the pros and cons of this building set.Pros : Very cool looking translucent pieces, bright colors, strong magnets, and durable plastic;The design diagrams were on large cards and were easy enough for my boy to follow;He especially liked the square piece with the little driver guy sitting in the middle;Good packaging -a compact box with a plastic divided tray for the pieces;Even as an adult, I had a lot of fun playing with them.Cons :  Not many pieces;The box suggests ages 3 and up, but my 4 year old boy could not do all of the designs independently because the magnets were so strong that the pieces would snap together before he was ready (he got a little frustrated about that).Overall, this is a unique, interesting, and fun building toy for young children.
I was happy to find this toy kept my nephew entertained for days!! He could wait to open them up and build with them. He's always been a fan of puzzles and putting things together so I knew it would be a hit and I wasn't wrong.
"This is an amazing toy.  I can't wait to get more Magformers to add on to this set, because it is one of those toys that should be part of a kid's toy collection.  Forget blocks that topple down-- take shapes and add magnets and see what you can create!  This small set can keep your kid entertained for hours-- there are tons of things to make with these 16 pieces, including vehicles.  It was a blast for both my 4 year old and my 7 year old, but I must warn you: if you have more than one kid, be prepared for a fight over this toy.  Unfortunately, there are only enough pieces for only one kid to play with at a time.  Even my ~2 year old was having fun exploring the shapes and watching the magnets fit together.  The instruction sheets make construction very easy, since you can lay your pieces out on the sheet and then a picture shows you how to ""pull"" the magnets to make the shape you need.We were kind of familiar with toys like this because our preschool hasMagna-Tiles Clear Colors 100 Piece Set, and I was kind of hesitant to try these ones out because the quality didn't look like it was as good, but I was very wrong.  The pieces are very well made, and so Magformers are a good alternative to Magnatiles.Seriously, the only negative thing I have about this toy is that there aren't enough pieces.  NEED MORE!"
This toy is durable and addictive. People in our house who enjoy playing with it. Dad age 169, Mom age *, Big Sister age 7, Big Brother age 6, Little Brother age 5, and Baby age 1. Good luck finding any other toy everyone likes playing with, literally everyone.
My previous favorite toy wasMagna-Tiles Clear Colors 100 Piece Set.  I bought them when my oldest grandson was 3.  He just turned 6.  They have entertained him, and his cousins for hours and hours in the short time we have had them.  I love seeing how creative in their constructions they can be.The Magformers Wow Set was a Lightning Deal and I thought it might be a good addition since it had some wheels and can make cars/trucks/trains. etc.  After I ordered it, I decided 16 pieces would not be enough, so I also ordered a 62 piece set.  They both arrived today while the 6 year old was here.  We had the best time with them.  They can do things the Magnatiles cannot do.  I am most impressed with the instructions on how to lay the pieces out flat and then lift by one of the center pieces, pulling it into a 3-D figure.  You can't do that with the Magnatiles since they are solid and have no opening in the center to pick them up.  I am a retired geometry teacher, so to be able to have children translate what they want their 3-D figure to look like when finished into the 2-D model is HUGE.  I don't expect my 6 year old grandson to be able to do this for awhile, but he can make the pattern the picture shows and see how it will pull into the 3-D figure.  I want toys he can grow with and this is definitely one of those.  I have 7 grandchildren, so I expect these will be a favorite toy to play with at grandma's house.  I ordered another set this afternoon because I saw that there are sets with pentagons and we didn't have any in the sets I already purchased.  Yes, these are an investment, but I expect they will be a favorite for many, many years.  Possibly even longer than Legos, since we really haven't gotten into those yet.
"This toy is pitched for kids aged three and up, but I think this specific Magformers set, with wheels, would be better for kids closer to four. Our son is two and half, but is no longer satisfied with toys in his age range and over half his toys are now aimed at the 3+ crowd. He enjoys these Magformers, but on a very basic level, and I think it will be a while before he can get full benefit of this toy -- well after his third birthday and maybe closer to his fourth. This is above all due to the wheels. If you have a young child, you should consider giving them all of the pieces to play with EXCEPT the wheels.The reason is that the designs for vehicles are too fragile for little kids, and can fall apart very easily. Even if a parent makes the vehicle for the child, the kid needs to be considerably older, with better cognitive power and motor control, to really use the vehicle without it falling apart in his or her hands. Any kid whose play with toy vehicles is on the level of grabbing the car hard, pushing it around on the ground, and going ""vroom vroom"" is too young to control any vehicle made with this set. The vehicles you can make from this set are for more sophisticated, careful play than that.My son got very frustrated and started crying because the cars kept falling apart in his hands. I just don't see him being sophisticated enough for these wheels for another year at least. I had to put the set away and will try to bring it out again in a month or so, without the wheels, and hope he doesn't notice something is missing.Before I let him touch the wheels, he was enjoying putting the other pieces together. Even there, it is a challenge -- you can make nice shapes with these, but it's not easy to make a shape that is really structurally stable. Whatever shape you make, a little push here or a pull there can send it into collapse, which can result in frustration for little kids.Also note that with the magnets built into the sides of the squares and triangles, rather than the corners (this adds to the structural weakness issues, in my view), these Magformers do not appear to be compatible with other magnetic toy sets, such as Magz. That is probably on purpose, but it is worth mentioning.In sum, these are good toys but mainly for slightly older kids. The expense is also daunting. But make no doubt about it, they really are pretty good overall."
"We originally picked up this Magformers 16 piece ""Wow"" set and that is how it all started. We were hooked.This 16 piece kit was just a teaser and very limited, but is a cool and good introduction to these remarkable toys. However they just weren't enough.So we chose to get a more elaborate set of Magformers and thisMagformers 400 piece ""Advanced"" setwas the best option. It's amazing that something so simple can be so entertaining.However... I can't believe that we just blew over $600.00 for some toys. But in my defense these are pretty cool and the kids loved them.What are these toys anyways? Well they are plastic with encased magnets at each side center. The squares have 4 magnets (one on each side in the middle) and the triangles have 3 magnets (one on each side in the middle) and that is how they connect to one another. These are not just some cheap plastic toys like those ABC & 123 refrigerator magnets, These are indeed of high quality and the magnets are also high quality. As a craftsman, I can truly appreciate the forethought that was used to design these toys. Pretty clever!Regarding price, well I do think they are way overpriced or hyperinflated for what you receive, but so are Legos.For a kit this size I would price them at around $0.90 to $1.05 per piece, with the exception of some of the accessories, like the wheels of course.I would love to get more, but it won't be anytime soon, unless we find a better deal on them. We'll be keeping our eyes abreast to these MagFormers to find the best deals on them. Overall, we love them and we will be getting more in the future. Maybe Santa will bring us some more!"
We already have a big box of Magformers and are always glad to add to the stock. The wheels add a lot of variety to what you can do with these shapes, although the basic sphere is always a big hit (throwing it back and forth to see how long till it explodes).  These shapes are very tough and too big for little ones to swallow and no worry of magnet pieces coming loose.
