Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
"This is a nice large toy. The truck is fun to play with, rolls well, has nice storage for the other equipment, is easy to convert, and is durable. The Yeti is also large, the two ""people"" are much smaller, and none of the three have moving parts, the feet are all large and enable the figures to remain standing. The net is pretty durable as well, so far it has held up to all the child play. It is fun to launch and play with and keeps the kids entertained for about half an hour before they want to move on to something else. Overall a good fun toy."

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.052285611629486084,0.05615326762199402,0.05243707075715065,0.051612719893455505,0.052497077733278275,0.051061104983091354,0.052962735295295715,0.05213728919625282,0.05123908072710037,0.05286989361047745,0.053241387009620667,0.05275183171033859,0.054039232432842255,0.055108603090047836,0.049030859023332596,0.05348147451877594,0.05257489159703255,0.051306333392858505,0.05320953205227852
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
My nephew has been the primary user of this toy, and at 5 years old, he loves it.  My 3 year old niece and daughter both started playing with it as well, and pieces kept breaking off which was frustrating.  The instructions seemed kind of odd too.  Overall, without sister and cousin interference, the toy was a hit.
"This is a nice large toy. The truck is fun to play with, rolls well, has nice storage for the other equipment, is easy to convert, and is durable. The Yeti is also large, the two ""people"" are much smaller, and none of the three have moving parts, the feet are all large and enable the figures to remain standing. The net is pretty durable as well, so far it has held up to all the child play. It is fun to launch and play with and keeps the kids entertained for about half an hour before they want to move on to something else. Overall a good fun toy."
My son try to play with this truck and got board quickly, it's a transformer but it wasn't that fun, the yetis are heavy can be dangerous if you have a little kid that likes to throw things away.  the quality of the toy is good.
My almost 4 year old twin toddlers were excited about the toy, but after taking it out of the box they quickly tired of it despite their obsession w/ cars and trucks.Perhaps they were still too young for the toy to enjoy it.
"I never really understood the appeal of the Matchbox Big Boots line of toys.  Yeah, yeah, the weighted, rounded boots/feet of the figures mean that they always land on their feet after you launch/throw them but so what?  However, realizing that I am a fifty plus never-grownup, prone to increasingly peppering his conversation with ""In MY day... (insert cane waving here)"" I decided to accept the opportunity of trying this toy since my summer interns (a 10 year old boy and an 8 year old girl) were going to be present.  To my surprise they got a full day of play out of it, but only one day before setting it aside in favor of other things.The figures could not reliably hold on to their tools when you launched them, and the net capture was made more difficult than it should have been by the way the handles kept coming loose from the net, not to mention the figures from the handles.  During play, we spent more time reassembling the net team than launching it.  The transforming truck worked pretty well once we figured out the procedure.  Finally, wouldn't Bigfoot have been a more natural choice for this toy line than the Yeti?If your child has and enjoys playing with Matchbox Big Boots figures, this action play set is likely to be greatly appreciated; if not, starting out with this set would be a relatively expensive way of finding out if your child likes them."
"Kudos for Matchbox for coming out with a toy that is more than just ""a car.""  Growing up that's all they were.  I car you could drive around with your hand.  Cool as a kid, but nothing special.  The Big Boots Yeti Catcher is so much more than a truck, it's an adventure.  The adventure of course is to catch the Yeti.  You get two big boots action figures that come along with the vehicle who's job it is to attack and capture the Yeti.  You can launch the figures out of the side of the truck toward the Yeti, but that is only one way to try and capture him.  The truck transforms into a headquarters with battle stations with just the push of two buttons.  Now the action figures have different launch pads to attack the Yeti from.  You can even add more big boot figures to the set as the vehicle is equipped to hold 4-6.  Did I mention big boot figures always land on their feet?  Once you've tired the Yeti out by launching figures at him, you can use the included net the make the capture.  Use your two figures to hold the net and launch them simultaneously to fly above the Yeti and catch him in the net.  Good luck with accuracy on that one.  My 5 year old loves it.  It never gets old.  He even uses the Truck for other adventures with other brand name action heroes and cars."
"This toy looked like a blast! In the box, that is. Out of the box...well, not so much. First of all, the pieces felt very flimsy and breakable. The truck itself was cool looking, but the transformation or special effects (like the launching mechanism) were hard for a four year old to figure out and operate. It was harder to move it back into it's original setting than it was to get the dang thing out of the box. The yeti creature was cool, probably the best part of the entire toy. The two ""army men"" were nice as well. All three righted themselves into an upright position after being knocked down, which was fun. All in all, the toy is fun for awhile, but then it just gets annoying. Too much work for too little fun!"
"My son who is 1 got this to play with his big cousins with.  His cousins who are 5 1/2 and 9 1/2 were super excited to start playing with my son's big boy toy.  First of all the instructions were terrible to understand, so after making me feel like I didn't deserve my college diploma this toy finally came together.  The boys didn't really get how to play with it, and they are creative and independant kids, and once they got it going they were bored within minutes.  The 5 1/2 year old literally looked at me and said ""That's It?  Ugh...what a waste.""  They have both been over several times since we originally opened it and they have never touched it again.  It is going in the donate pile and hopefully other kids will get a bigger kick out of it.  I am dissapointed in Matchbox, they typically do a lot better than this."
As a mom I have to say, this set is adorable. We buy these sets for our five-year-old son, but my husband and I can't leave those big boots guys alone. They have a rubbery feel to them, and they always land on their feet. They're just the coolest! The truck is durable and sturdy ... we absolutely love it!
My son grew up playing with Matchbox vehicles and playsets, so I was excited to get this new generation of Matchbox toy for my grandson. He loves it. The Big Foot (Yeti) and the two big boots figures are a blast to play with and they make my grandson laugh when they wobble. The large vehicle opens up and creates several launch pads in which to send the two big boots guys flying through the air. There are other big boots playsets to add to the collection. This is a great toy and your child will enjoy hours of imaginative playtime.
"This is a great truck that has the 5 and 2 year old boys arguing over who gets to play with it first - thankfully it's big enough they can share (and they take turns being the big boots yeti while the other gets to move the truck.) This truck also ""transforms"" some for better yeti catching action and, while that's cool, it is the one design flaw to the whole thing. The area you push to get the wings to flip out is right where your hand naturally wants to go to push the truck to drive it un-transformed. So as you play, it will randomly pop open. The wings don't snap back into place very tightly either. Once you get used to those quirks, it seems to be hours of fun."
We received this truck a few weeks ago and it has still held my 8 year old sons interest. But he has always been one of those kids who can pretend play well. What I think he likes best are the Big Boots characters. Me, they are almost exactly like Weeble Wobbles from my youth. Today I had him show me all the truck had and he spent a good 5 minutes telling me what everything did. The plastic seemed a little weak to me and I expect with a few more transformations it should start to show wear. But for now even after 2 weeks of relatively light play they are functioning well. Good fun so far. I know I wouldn't spend $40 on this maybe $20 though.
High marks for creativity on this one.  Never in my wildest dreams would I have thought to make a Yeti catcher (at least it's not a zombie catcher - zombies have totally oversaturated the market), but it's a stroke of genius.There's plenty to like about the Yeti Catcher.  My little nephew is 5 and autistic, so the big, tactile truck and was great for him.  The truck has plenty of bells and whistles to make your Yeti adventures all the more exciting.  I appreciated the sheer size of it and weighted characters that stay upright all the time.The one problem I have with a lot of kids' toys these days is that pieces get easily lost.  I'm not exactly sure why manufacturers continue to make toys with tiny, plastic pieces.  Maybe their market research indicates kids like little, tiny, plastic pieces. I don't really know, but just plan on losing most of the small pieces in short order.
My grandsons, 6 and 8, were initially excited to open this toy and play with it. The instructions were bad, but the boys are very bright and figured out what to do on their own. The truck is big and well-made and transforms into different modes. The set comes with two small people who are supposed to catch the big Yeti with a net and tools. Then what? The boys got bored pretty fast and they haven't looked at it since. Granted they like to build things and are very into Legos, so maybe it's just not their thing. For that reason I gave it 3 stars.
This truck comes with two tiny people and one big Yeti.  The point of the toy is to capture the Yeti using the truck and a net along with some tools.  Let me first begin with the positives of this toy.1.  The launcher on the truck was fun.  The point is to launch the person holding the net to capture the Yeti.2.  We found it more useful to actually launch the person at the Yeti and just knock him down.3.  The fact that you can change the truck into three different modes is cool.  There is the Yeti capturing mode, simply playing with the truck mode, and finally, there is the regular using the truck as a jail for the Yeti.Now let me discuss the dislikes:1.  The Yeti and the tools themselves simply take up wasted space on the truck.2.  What is the point?  To capture a Yeti?  Who has ever seen a Yeti?  Would this really be the way to capture a Yeti?3.  The truck is durable but other than capturing the Yeti, it serves no point.Overall this is a decent toy but I would not recommend it.  Perhaps if they had more things for the truck to do or perhaps adding some talking features or lights or guns to enhance the capturing of the beast.  I would also add that perhaps if you had the set it would be perhaps better.  We don't know because we only have the truck.
My little boy enjoyed it.  I didn't think the toy was so great but the transformation it does is pretty neat.  It seems geared towards someone who has many of the figures.  This is our first product in this line so that's not us.All in all it's fine.  Packaging has improved - instead of a bunch of wires tying everything down it's a few plugs that unlock to release the product.  Still a bit of work to unpack though.Thanks Amazon for rejecting the video review I labored over, BTW.  My 6-year-old shared his thoughts directly on this item, which would have been much more helpful than the thoughts of this old man.
I was surprised how BIG this truck is when it came. it was about 15 inches long and 6 inches wide.  The Yeti is adorable.. I mean really fierce.. I thought it was sort of unique how it rocks on its feet as well as the other characters.  The working head lights makes it great fun in the dark as does the front opening to scoop up the yeti.. or other things.  Really fun toy overall.
This toy reminds me of the old Weebles (I think that's how it's spelled). It's adorable from an adult perspective, from my son's the Yeti was &#34;really cool&#34;. The vehicle is doubles as a Yeti trapping truck and opens into a base station. That is a great way to extend a toy's play value. The set comes with two Big Boots human operators and one very large Yeti. All Big Boots characters are able to be launched from the truck and sure enough, they roll like marbles and then land on their feet. My son seemed to get a kick out of launching these things again and again, until my husband got involved and then it became a launching contest. Who can launch their character further. Ah, kids. This was easy for an 8 year old to put back together in it's truck form, maybe trickier for a younger child. Thank goodness it wasn't as difficult as Transformers, where you need an engineering degree to put those suckers back together. High on the play scale and it seems durable.
First of all the toy is very well made - good quality plastic and well designed, My 4.5 year old daughter loved it for a while and my 9 month old twins wanted to gnaw at them !The problem is that the fun does not last long - ok, it may provide maybe 15-20 mins of fun, but nothing more than that. Adding some sound, motion would have added a new dimension to this thing.
