Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
The lovable little Hape is a mini piano that tinkles with a chime sound quality, which is likely not too loud or jolting. The pleasantly crafted children's piano is made from fine plywood, high density plastic and steel. The integral building materials makes a difference, a musical ear can identify. Its gentle Hammer strikes make chimes sing in harmony. Finished in a safe paint, the graphics are vivid with a fine screen print. The stool helps child's comfort, that kids like in real things made for them.My initial choice would be to enhance oliver's music love with a keyboard, like the BonTempi his dad was initiated with! Utilized down the road for piano appreciation that may lead to liking playing. Children of my grandson Oliver's age are impressed with its grandness and identify it as special. It remains to be hopeful this toy Piano initiates the first grader's musical talents. So far, my little grandson not a Horowitz or Rachmaninov has enjoyed playing music by following the color-coded songs.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.12085891515016556,0.12405466288328171,0.13481152057647705,0.1222299113869667,0.11938297748565674,0.1318327933549881,0.12836039066314697,0.11846883594989777
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
"Shipping: I don't normally comment on this, but I did think that this toy came particularly well packed. It was double-boxed, with all of the pieces firmly packed in Styrofoam.Assembly: The instructions were not step-by-step, but as you are only attaching the legs to the piano and stool, it is not hard to figure out how to attach them from the instructions. The included hex wrench was actually about a size too small for the hex-head bolts, which seemed strange - it kept me from tightening the bolts down properly. I used my own hex key and found everything a snap to put together.Sound: The piano sounds OK with the lid down, about what you would expect. When the lid is raised, though, the piano takes on a very nice resonance - a very nice sound for a toy piano. The hinged prop keeps the lid up quite well.Appearance: As you can see from the picture, the piano is very pretty, with even the back leg having a nice shape.Durability: The piano and stool both seem quite sturdy and with reasonable care it should last throughout several children, perhaps even several generations. (I used to play my mother's toy piano, which was made of wood, but was nowhere near as nice as this one!). The most likely thing to happen is for the plastic music rack (which is not attached), to get lost.Play: Both my nine-year-old and my two-year-old got a lot of fun out of this piano. It's a bit small for the older one, but the little one found it to be just right! They like playing away on it, with the older one enjoying the ""Playful Piano Instructions,"" and the younger one pounding away on it!Conclusion: My family and I all really like this toy piano and are very glad that we have it. The hex wrench thing was a surprising oversight, but not a big thing.(Review of Hape Early Melodies Happy Grand Piano)"
This is a wonderful product that our four & 2 year old grandchildren love playing with. I would have given five stars overall, but they need to give some attention to the packaging. Fragile was not marked on the box and I could tell it had a 'rough ride'. One of the keys were loose on the end (I could hear it rattling around), so perhaps the company needs to find a way to secure the keys better? The rest of the piano was protected enough, but might not have survived if something heavy would have been put on it. UPS usually does a fairly good job, but it is often crucial to mark fragile so they know not to stack things on top of it. In spite of one loose key, the piano plays well and is a lot of fun for the kids. The stand is durable and just the right size for toddlers. It has a finish that is durable and easy to wash. If they make changes in the packaging method, I think they will have a great deal of customers for this product. It is a great way to get small children interested in playing the piano, or music in general.
The lovable little Hape is a mini piano that tinkles with a chime sound quality, which is likely not too loud or jolting. The pleasantly crafted children's piano is made from fine plywood, high density plastic and steel. The integral building materials makes a difference, a musical ear can identify. Its gentle Hammer strikes make chimes sing in harmony. Finished in a safe paint, the graphics are vivid with a fine screen print. The stool helps child's comfort, that kids like in real things made for them.My initial choice would be to enhance oliver's music love with a keyboard, like the BonTempi his dad was initiated with! Utilized down the road for piano appreciation that may lead to liking playing. Children of my grandson Oliver's age are impressed with its grandness and identify it as special. It remains to be hopeful this toy Piano initiates the first grader's musical talents. So far, my little grandson not a Horowitz or Rachmaninov has enjoyed playing music by following the color-coded songs.
The most adorable piano you've ever seen, and a HUGE delight to our niece!  It is gorgeous, fun to play, and the kids have a ball putting on little concerts for the family.  Not only are we thrilled with our choice as a gift, but our relatives and friends have since ordered it for themselves and for gifts.We just received the cutest invitation from our niece, for a black-tie concert at our big Thanksgiving dinner.  This beautiful piano has brought a whole new dimension of fun to family gatherings.
My 13 year old pianist assembled this piano out of the box without assistance. It is very straightforward and easy to work with. The keys are a bit stiff and require some pressure. They cover about 2.5 octaves- 18 keys in all. The sound quality is a bit tinny, but it is a nice starter toy for very young music enthusiasts. It looks gorgeous in our playroom and small visitors love to play it. It is also a decent fit for an American Girl doll to play, though a bit too high for perfect proportionality.
"Cindy's baby grand stands invitingly in our living room.  When the kids and nieces and nephews and grand-kids come visit about half of them can't tear themselves away.  One grandson in particular plunked away for hours and this summer and we began to notice the development of melody... and rhythm.  Grandson had to go home to start first grade but we said to ourselves ""too bad he doesn't have a piano he can use"".  A few years ago we got him a colorful plastic version - but it wasn't very durable, sounded like a toy and has fallen by the wayside.We're going to surprise him with this baby this Christmas and we think he'll be pleased to have his OWN piano that is not so toy-ish.  Although sized for the toddler through six year old, this shiny black baby is made of real wood and the 30 keys produce a nice miniature piano sound.  It's not ""Steinway"" but it's also not ""Tinker Toys"".If you have a 3-6 year old who finds him or herself drawn to music anytime they're around it... check it out!"
This piano really is beautiful and very sturdy. There were a lot more pieces than anticipated but I was able to put it together just in time for a visit from my nephew and two nieces. They were drawn to it  more readily than they are to the electronic keyboard which is fun, but just isn't their size and they know it. They range in age from three to six, and I'm not expecting any amazing concerts for a while, but they all had a ball playing with the piano. The seat height is just right and they don't tend to pound as hard on this piano since it seems too realistic and fancy and they respect it more.After a while, though, it can tend to grate on adults since the sound is quite tinny, just like a child's xylophone. You get over it, though, when you realize how much fun they're having. Maybe my nephew can grow up and become the next Liberace. Or not.
The Hape Early Melodies Happy Grand Piano, was better than I expected. I assembled it and had it ready to go in minutes. My grandchildren love it, ages from 1 to 9 years old. It is beautiful, well constructed and has a great sound, although it sounds better with the lid open. My 9 year old granddaughter was playing songs which immediately encouraged her brothers and sisters to want to learn. Educational, fun and durable, I highly recommend it for the children in your life.
