Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
"Monopoly Empire is faster and easier to play than the original but loses most of the strategic game play of the original. A fun addition to our Monopoly collection, Monopoly Empire earns a regular rotation in our family game night lineup that includes Clue, Payday, Uno, Battleship, Risk and Stratego.PROS* Fast Game: Our family of four finishes a game in less about 30 minutes, a huge difference from the original edition. We can play multiple games during one family game night.* No Bankruptcy: This version removes the brutally slow attrition from the original Monopoly, so no one sits on the sidelines waiting for the game to end.* Player Power: This version makes it easier to break up and move opponent's monopolies and topmost billboard. There are three methods to prevent or steal a monopoly: the ""sneaky swapper"" side of one die, the empire cards (each player gets two at the start of the game), and chance cards.* Brand Recognition: My sons (ages 10 and 9) recognized more than half of the brands instantly. My oldest son chose the game controller token and triumphantly threw his arms in the air when he landed on the Xbox brand and added it to his tower.CONS* Crammed Board: With the game board covered with four towers, four game tokens, billboard tiles, and empire and chance cards there's no room to roll the dice without knocking something over. We finally settled on rolling in the box lid after scattering billboard tiles and tokens around the board.* More Luck, Less Strategy: With so many wild cards built into this version, there's far less strategy involved in the game play. For example, one empire card is labeled ""Stock Market Crash: Take the topmost billboard from all players' towers and return them to the board."" When you are one billboard away from winning the game, this card's appearance is as aggravating as someone slamming their fist into the game board.Monopoly Empire reminds me of Sid Sackson's board game ""Acquire."" Monopoly Empire is much simpler as Acquire is recommended for ages 12 and up. The object of Acquire was to earn money as you developed and merged hotel chains, the names of which changed with each new edition.This brings me to the most controversial issue surrounding Monopoly Empire: parent groups concerned about exposure to corporate brands. My sense is that the Luxor and Continental hotel chain brands in Acquire (first released in 1962) didn't have a detrimental effect on kids, so why expect exposure to the jetBlue and Ducati brands would cause damage today? Actually, my sons asked some really great questions about the game's assertion that it includes the world's greatest brands: ""Where's Honda?"" and ""How come there aren't more Japanese brands?"" After several games neither of my sons requested a trip to McDonald's or a Coca-Cola to drink, much less access to Yahoo.On a side note, I thought the description for the Paramount token was hilarious because I can't imagine an 8-year old reading it: ""Based in Hollywood, Paramount Pictures is a global producer and distributor of filmed entertainment. For over 100 years, the Paramount studio has entertained audiences around the world with award winning classic films such as ""The Godfather,"" ""Sunset Boulevard,"" ""Breakfast at Tiffany's,"" ""Grease,"" ""Top Gun,"" and ""Forrest Gump"" as well as popular movie franchises including ""Transformers"" and ""Mission Impossible.""I don't think I could get my sons to watch ""Breakfast at Tiffany's"" if I tied them down to a chair.Rating: Four starsDISCLOSURE: My review is courtesy of the Amazon Vine program, which provides products at no cost in exchange for my independent and unbiased feedback. My objective is to test the product and provide a helpful review that improves your shopping experience. This review was not sponsored or paid for in any way by the manufacturer or an agent working on their behalf.ADDENDUM: We are a Monopoly family. My wife and our two sons, Kai (age 10) and Kou (age 9), regularly have a family game night and play board games.We own four other versions of Monopoly:*Monopoly -- The Classic Edition*Monopoly Family Championship-- This version provides the comfortable feel of the original game in addition to a rulebook, speed die and game pieces that allow you to play a faster game.*The Muppets Monopoly-- We purchased this version after the 2011 movie release ofThe Muppets. This game plays exactly like the classic version but the novelty of swapping out Boardwalk and Park Place for Kermit the Frog's Swamp and Miss Piggy's Dressing Room wears off quickly.*Monopoly the Android App-- This would be handy in waiting rooms for doctors, dentists and opticians if not for the loaded dice afforded to the AI and the need for bug fixes. I don't recommend buying this version."

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.07004203647375107,0.07135293632745743,0.07354949414730072,0.08340518921613693,0.07106806337833405,0.0721416100859642,0.07007556408643723,0.06925324350595474,0.07339492440223694,0.06458159536123276,0.06535062938928604,0.07154779136180878,0.07055335491895676,0.07368359714746475
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
When I showed my family the new game, they seriously wanted to play at that exact moment.  This is seriously my favorite of all the Monopoly games I have every played.  My favorite part, there is no hotels or houses to buy.  I admit I avoid Monopoly because I think it can take forever once those pieces are involved and people (like my husband) get a little crazy in competition with buying them.  I always loose as somehow I never have enough money to buy my own houses or hotels and then I end up landing on everyone else's.  This game yes is all about today's brands like McDonald's, Coke, Hasbro, Carnival and so forth but the design is so much more modern.  The game also is so much shorter than a regular game.  To win all you have to do buy up the little tiles (properties) to fill up your tower.  No cards to collect, just buy the tiles and and fill your tower.Just like the classic Monopoly you roll the dice and go around the board game.  There is no trading of pieces either but there are Monopoly and Chance cards you can pick up and that allows you take tiles away from other players.  While the game is for ages 8 and up, I think it is easy enough for younger kids to play too.  My boys are 5 and 6 and they were able to pick it up just fine and without the hotels and houses there was no extra money or pieces to worry about.  This is a game I can play anytime and actually look forward too to finishing!  I was skeptical about the design but I honestly love it and can't imagine playing the old board now.I received this game to review in exchange for sharing my honest opinion.
"Looks like Hasbro wanted to make Monopoly a bit more fun by making it not take 7 hours to play a game.  And to that, they succeeded - this game can be played in 20-30 minutes easily.  Unfortunately, that's also why it gets three stars.We've played numerous times now, and at the end of each game, everyone has the same thought:  ""that was quick.""  In fact, most of our games are over after going around the board 2 times, sometimes 3.  The only strategy ever involved is to get a small property on your billboard so nobody can steal a big one.It doesn't necessarily make the game not fun - it just makes it so you're left wishing the designers would have made the game a bit better balanced with strategy and not so danged quick to end.For my family...it's about average for board games.  Would've gone to 4 stars if it didn't always end so quickly.  For us, if we need something very quick, we may play this.  Otherwise, we'll stick withFortune Street."
"It's a new age, kids. Famous landmarks are not what we play with these days, it's corporate logos! I recognize the appeal of this to this new generation where almost everything has to have a logo, but somewhere deep down, I don't like it.OK,editorial over.What I noted as my grandson (7) and his uncle, aunt, and dad played while I watched the baby, talked to his mom and other uncle and Papa, and made dinner:*The packaging is extremely effective - eye catching and makes you want to open it. The grandson was immediately curious and wanted to play. Well done.* The box seems pretty sturdy which, if this becomes a family favorite, will be important. Inside is a sturdy plastic tray (no more cardboard!) to hold all the necessary pieces, each in their own spot. There is also a rack for the money (no denomination smaller than $50. It's the 21st century!)* The play pieces are ""gold"" and there are no shoes or little cars. You'll recognize things like a bottle ofCoke, a bag of McDonald's fries, a game controller.* The ""object"" of the game is a bit different, although anyone who has played Monopoly will recognize immediately how it's done. And the strategy of play seems similar (buy, buy, buy and find ways to sabotage your opponent.) But there are no more houses and hotels. Now its billboards!* Play is faster. Gone are the days, I believe, of endless Monopoly marathons. In this day and age, that's probably a wise decision on their part.* It looked like a fun game; the participants were engaged and having lively exchanges with lots of laughter... and groaning.One BIG CON: Only four can play at a time!! Oddly enough, we had just been playing Monopoly when the family was at the beach in July and everyone who wanted to play, could play - at one point there were 7 of them! I think this limitation is too bad. However, it occurs to me that, if this does become a family fave, I could get a second game and perhaps combine the pieces, cards and money. I'll have to think about that... although I suppose there is still old-fashionedMonopoly! It's still fun and can be had for just 8 bucks.Note to Amazon: I think it's a shame that we can't upload photos with notes any more. I've got a great picture of three adults and a child having fun with this game and showing it in actual use."
"Monopoly Empire is faster and easier to play than the original but loses most of the strategic game play of the original. A fun addition to our Monopoly collection, Monopoly Empire earns a regular rotation in our family game night lineup that includes Clue, Payday, Uno, Battleship, Risk and Stratego.PROS* Fast Game: Our family of four finishes a game in less about 30 minutes, a huge difference from the original edition. We can play multiple games during one family game night.* No Bankruptcy: This version removes the brutally slow attrition from the original Monopoly, so no one sits on the sidelines waiting for the game to end.* Player Power: This version makes it easier to break up and move opponent's monopolies and topmost billboard. There are three methods to prevent or steal a monopoly: the ""sneaky swapper"" side of one die, the empire cards (each player gets two at the start of the game), and chance cards.* Brand Recognition: My sons (ages 10 and 9) recognized more than half of the brands instantly. My oldest son chose the game controller token and triumphantly threw his arms in the air when he landed on the Xbox brand and added it to his tower.CONS* Crammed Board: With the game board covered with four towers, four game tokens, billboard tiles, and empire and chance cards there's no room to roll the dice without knocking something over. We finally settled on rolling in the box lid after scattering billboard tiles and tokens around the board.* More Luck, Less Strategy: With so many wild cards built into this version, there's far less strategy involved in the game play. For example, one empire card is labeled ""Stock Market Crash: Take the topmost billboard from all players' towers and return them to the board."" When you are one billboard away from winning the game, this card's appearance is as aggravating as someone slamming their fist into the game board.Monopoly Empire reminds me of Sid Sackson's board game ""Acquire."" Monopoly Empire is much simpler as Acquire is recommended for ages 12 and up. The object of Acquire was to earn money as you developed and merged hotel chains, the names of which changed with each new edition.This brings me to the most controversial issue surrounding Monopoly Empire: parent groups concerned about exposure to corporate brands. My sense is that the Luxor and Continental hotel chain brands in Acquire (first released in 1962) didn't have a detrimental effect on kids, so why expect exposure to the jetBlue and Ducati brands would cause damage today? Actually, my sons asked some really great questions about the game's assertion that it includes the world's greatest brands: ""Where's Honda?"" and ""How come there aren't more Japanese brands?"" After several games neither of my sons requested a trip to McDonald's or a Coca-Cola to drink, much less access to Yahoo.On a side note, I thought the description for the Paramount token was hilarious because I can't imagine an 8-year old reading it: ""Based in Hollywood, Paramount Pictures is a global producer and distributor of filmed entertainment. For over 100 years, the Paramount studio has entertained audiences around the world with award winning classic films such as ""The Godfather,"" ""Sunset Boulevard,"" ""Breakfast at Tiffany's,"" ""Grease,"" ""Top Gun,"" and ""Forrest Gump"" as well as popular movie franchises including ""Transformers"" and ""Mission Impossible.""I don't think I could get my sons to watch ""Breakfast at Tiffany's"" if I tied them down to a chair.Rating: Four starsDISCLOSURE: My review is courtesy of the Amazon Vine program, which provides products at no cost in exchange for my independent and unbiased feedback. My objective is to test the product and provide a helpful review that improves your shopping experience. This review was not sponsored or paid for in any way by the manufacturer or an agent working on their behalf.ADDENDUM: We are a Monopoly family. My wife and our two sons, Kai (age 10) and Kou (age 9), regularly have a family game night and play board games.We own four other versions of Monopoly:*Monopoly -- The Classic Edition*Monopoly Family Championship-- This version provides the comfortable feel of the original game in addition to a rulebook, speed die and game pieces that allow you to play a faster game.*The Muppets Monopoly-- We purchased this version after the 2011 movie release ofThe Muppets. This game plays exactly like the classic version but the novelty of swapping out Boardwalk and Park Place for Kermit the Frog's Swamp and Miss Piggy's Dressing Room wears off quickly.*Monopoly the Android App-- This would be handy in waiting rooms for doctors, dentists and opticians if not for the loaded dice afforded to the AI and the need for bug fixes. I don't recommend buying this version."
"The ""Monopoly Empire"" board game is am updated version of Monopoly.  This one combines the Hotels aspect with the original.  Instead of building houses and hotels, you will buy advertising from corporations to add to your Tower.  The games comes with six gold colored playing pieces (i.e. game control pad, luxury card), a pair of black dice, four towers, ""Empire"" and ""Chance"" cards.  The object of the game is to be the first player to fill your tower with advertising and offices.  Monopoly Empire is a fun and fast paced game that will keep you on your toes.I highly recommend this game for fans of the Monopoly series and those who enjoy playing board games with friends and family."
When my family and I finished our first game of Monopoly Empire Game we were all quite angry, except the winner.This game moves along quite fast. If you don't buy property/billboards it has to be auctioned off. And the more you buy the higher your billboard rises and the more money you earn.It's easy to swap billboards with chance cards, and it's easy to wipe out someone's bank account if they had little to no billboards.Well, with this game play we were all angry when the winner wiped out everything from us.  It took us no more than an hour to play.The billboards are small pieces and replace the areas where hotels are built. Other than money, dice, and pawns, these little pieces may be easily lost. We keep ours in a ziplock bag.The pawns are great! Best part of the game!
Monopoly Empire is a great new twist on a old classic. Instead of the streets of Atlantic City, you're buying up some name brand companies including Xbox, Coke,  Ebay and more. Of course, Hasbro is also on there.  The object is to build your empire the fastest by buying up businesses. As you acquire them, they are stacked along the billboard. The first one to fill their empire billboard wins the game.Like the original game, you use tokens (golden Coke bottles, game controllers, and McDonald's Fries are a few examples).  There are still various chance cards and you buy brands as you land on them. When you pass Go, the amount you collect will vary based on the number of brands you own. There is also a special spot on the dice that allows you to steal the better brands from other players by swapping the top one on the billboard.My family and I really enjoyed this version of Monopoly. The original, while lots of fun, can sometimes drag on for hours. This one takes about a half hour - forty-five minutes to play. There is no rent or hotel building, which also makes it a little simpler for younger kids and a better choice if you want the whole family to get involved. The only thing that is a little bit of a downside are the small tiles used to mark the brands. I worry about losing them. Even missing one would really complicate the game. Yet, there really is no other way to make them. Just something to be aware of if you have kids who tend to lose game pieces. All in all, Monopoly Empire is a fast paced game of high stakes the whole family will enjoy.***Complimentary copy received in exchange for an honest review***
What do you get a tween?  The answer for my thirteen-year-old son is the great new twist on the monopoly board game concept.  As others have noted, the problem with the old monopoly game is that it has a bit of a Rip Van Winkle quality to it: you sit down to play the game and when you get back up it seems like 25 years or so have passed.  This one is engineered to zip by in less than an hour and has a great 3D twist to it.  A great variation on an old favorite.
"What are the main problems with Monopoly? Well, really, there's only one: that the game takes so. Freaking. Long. With classic Monopoly you could wind up spending hours upon hours, or even days, trying to finish a game. How do you solve this?Say HELLO to Monopoly Empire!The biggest difference between Monopoly Empire and Classic Monopoly is that you aren't playing to earn property, you're playing to earn brands. What type of brands? Anything from XBox to Spotify to Coke and everything in between. Also, unlike Classic Monopoly if you land on a space that someone owns you do not pay them the price of the space - instead you pay them the price of their ""tower"".The tower attaches to the board and is where you put your brand billboards. The first person to get enough billboards to get to the top of the tower wins! It's as simple as that!Empire cards, and chance cards, as well as a few spots on the board, can definitely screw you up, but even if you hit tons of glitches the longest this game has ever taken us is around 30 minutes. We even had one game end in under 10 minutes!! yet while the gameplay can be short, that doesn't make it any less enjoyable! In fact we love this game so much we played it almost every night for 2 weeks straight!The only glitch we found is that the towers don't attach very well to the board. It's very easy to knock a tower free, especially if you have a pre-teen who likes to chuck the dice rather than gently toss them. But all in all this is definitely a fantastic update to the Monopoly collection of games and is something that I see being extremely popular both with Monopoly purists as well as newcomers to the game!"
Tried via Vine.This is a little like normal Monopoly. The rules have a quick two pages on how this is the different from the original. Basically instead of properties you get billboards that you buy when you land on a company spot and add the board to a tower that tracks money levels for passing Go (not 200 here but a fluctuating amount). The resources are just extra tiles this time, and the playing pieces are company related. It is a little funny the two cheapest are Transformers and Nerf as they are owned by Hasbro.Fun-3 - This is a little more complex than standard Monopoly. I am not a great fan of either, though, but it isn't bad.Education-3 - Counting, addition, subtraction. Basic stuff but more than most.Durable- 2 - Cardboard mat, cheap shiny plastics. Not winning awards but it is ok.Overall-3 - Decent addition to game night but there are so many better games out there.
Just finished playing 3 rounds of Monopoly Empire and we had a great time with this game. Without going into the details of the rules let me just say that the game is fast paced, (we played 3 rounds in 90 minutes) requires strategic thinking, has many twists and turns and winning the game can be tricky. The game itself is easy to set-up and break down, has good compartments for all the pieces, cards and cash. The rules are easy to follow, although I do suggest reading through them and keeping them handy just in case you need to double check something. Our boys are 12 and 13 and had no trouble with the rules or the strategy. I highly recommend this game, even if you have never played regular monopoly.
One of the reasons I don't play monopoly much is because it takes too long to play. This version resolves my issue. It's just as fun as the original and it is way faster. It is fun with just two people as well. If you want to play a quick game before bedtime that gets the whole family involved play monopoly.
My kids LOVE Monopoly, so when I saw this game, I thought they'd love it. And they do. But they like the original one better. Still, it is a fun, fast paced game that doesn't take long. I think their first game lasted 20 minutes and the second closer to 30 minutes. It is a more modern, update to the original and lots of fun while still retaining much of the regular game. If your kids love Monopoly but it is too complicated or too long for them, this might be a great option.
I read a review here that stated that the branding of this game was a plus for kids.  I tend to disagree with that statement.  I wouldn't want my kids to be brand conscious early on, though I know they can be.  Still, I liked this game and thought it was fun.  A new twist on Monopoly.  Quick play for ADD types.There were a few rules we were not sure about.  One was the electric company and water works.  It said you could collect rent, but I couldn't figure out how much it was.  Then we were not sure if you had to finish your tower only to the top or we could build past it and still win.  The directions need, well, more direction.  We just voted on what we thought the vague rules meant, but it would be nice to have solid rules.
