Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
Barbie The Pearl Princess 2-in-1 Transforming Mermaid Doll is a Barbie made with bath time fun in mind.  Her hair changes from plain blonde to blonde with pink highlights when you put her in the bathtub. She also comes with a hair comb which conveniently slides into the bottom of her mermaid fin and snaps in place to avoid it getting lost.In order to magically change her dress to a mermaid fin then simply snap in the seashells connected at the end of her gown around her and into her back. You must press quit hard and actually hear a click.  Then press the jewel necklace and TADA! Barbie is magically a mermaid!My daughter is 7 and she loves this toy and plays with it every time she takes a bath, I think she would highly recommend this for lots of under the sea adventures.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.047916945070028305,0.05118275433778763,0.051399730145931244,0.05047806352376938,0.04954029247164726,0.05229742452502251,0.050743840634822845,0.049958206713199615,0.04954589158296585,0.050334908068180084,0.048368632793426514,0.0518558993935585,0.049537576735019684,0.047079794108867645,0.04867618530988693,0.04942198097705841,0.05261969193816185,0.04961501806974411,0.04797721281647682,0.05144991725683212
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
The idea behind the doll is is that you can change her from a mermaid who has a teal tail to a mermaid princess who wears a pink dress simply by pressing her necklace. To change her back, pull the dress back up and snap it into the back of her waist. It works fine, but I wonder how long this can hold up with lots of play. My 2 1/2 year old daughter is fascinated with mermaids and she loves Barbie dolls, so this is naturally a great toy for her. She has played with it non-stop since she's received it and I ended up buying the DVD of the same name to go with the doll. Based on her initial joyful reaction and the fact that she carries her around everywhere, I would rate this doll 5 stars. However, from an adult/ consumer perspective this Barbie doesn't feel as well made as other dolls. She's a little flimsy and lacking in quality and I would probably only rate her 2 stars. Therefore, I averaged her rating to 3.5 stars. The fact is she's a very pretty doll with a unique feature and she makes my little girl happy.
My daughter likes this doll, as she likes mermaids and Barbies both. But I'm definitely concerned about how she'll feel when the mechanism that controls the transformation breaks (as it inevitably always does on these kinds of toys).Other than that concern, it's a Barbie doll -- plastic, rubber, hair, clothes. Nothing outstanding.
I got this doll for my granddaughter to play with at my house.  She loves Barbie and especially Mermaids.  This doll has a fin that goes up and done and has a comb that attaches to the fin.  She loves to take the comb out and comb the dolls hair.  She plays with this doll quite abit which is saying alot for a two year old.
The opinions expressed here come primarily from our 10-year-old in-house authority on mermaids and Barbie dolls, sometimes also known as my daughter.The pros:  it's a mermaid.  Enough said.  Very pretty-looking mermaid tail.The cons:  the clasp for the dress/tail is VERY challenging to close, no matter the size of one's fingers, and the tail itself does not tuck in neatly like the video indicates, but instead sticks out in an unseemly fashion.  It rather ruins the fantasy aspect of the whole doll, and looks sloppy.  My daughter found this to be quite frustrating and reminded me (SEVERAL times) to include this particular criticism in the review.Overall, she likes it the doll well enough, but her frustrations with the design mean that it definitely won't be going into the starting rotation.
two tales- how very cool...her hair changes too...a comb for her beautiful hair...my niece is going to be so happy:)
This Barbie is the tie-in toy to the new Barbie-The Pearl Princess movie. Of course the girls wanted it, as they want ALL things Barbie. This one has been a disappointment. She only moves at the waist, which frustrates the 7 and 9 year olds, who own several jointed dolls and love to pose them. The transformation from mermaid to princess seldom works. Someone in the design dept failed on this one! She now is in permanent mermaid mode and has demoted to a bath toy.
My daughter likes the changing/transforming mermaid doll.  It is pretty neat how it works and she is constantly going around showing everyone.  It isn't made to go into the water though so she was pretty disappointed that she couldn't use it as a bath toy.  Overall though, it is a very nice toy.
My daughter loves mermaids, so she absolutely loved this gift. The mermaid is all made out of a hard plastic, with some neat surprises like the changing of hair color, comb in the fin etc. My daughter ONLY uses this item in the tub. For tub use it works perfectly. We have not had the problems other reviewers had and ours is easily interchangeable. Not sure how long it will last as it does seem more cheaply made than others we purchased. The cost is a little high also, so I would probably not purchase again unless the price went down.
My granddaughter is 5 (soon to be 6) and she loves this doll and plays with it a lot, talking to/with it, combing its hair (with the included comb), making up stories, etc. She has of course watched the Barbie mermaid movies (several times), Barbie in a Mermaid Tale and BiaMT2, and obviously relates this doll to those. It seems pretty sturdy. My grandson, her brother (almost 4), has gotten his hands on it a few times and been rough with it but it has yet to sustain any damage.And she loves to play with it when bathing. To get its hair to change color you need to use ice water, and it will change back in warm water, so sometimes we help her do the ice water thing before the bath.
My four year-old daughter really lit up to see this mermaid princess doll.  Unfortunately, the pin that keeps the doll in the untransformed state stopped holding on the first day, so it's stuck in the open state.  Still a fun doll, but she sort of lost interest after it wouldn't stay untransformed anymore.  Also, it was difficult for her to transform without an adult's help, which took some of the fun away for her in the first place.  A six or seven year-old could probably handle it fine.  It comes with a comb that stores in the tail, which my daughter really enjoys.If your daughter would like a mermaid barbie, this is a nice one, just don't place too much emphasis on the transforming part.
The grand daughters, age 3 and 7, love this mermaid doll, especially in the bathtub. The comb is a bit hard for them to get out and put back in her tail. the mermaids hair changes to blonde in the tub and when she is out of the water for a while the pink comes back. It is easy to snap her tail up and pop it off for down.
The Pearl Princess is made of the high quality that you'd expect from a Mattel Barbie doll.  High quality plastics were used and the hair is soft and enticing for you to brush it.The transformation from mermaid to &#34;mermaid princess&#34; was from the mouth of babes, &#34;Lame...&#34;The articulation was also woefully limited.  The arms twist and the head turned.  The waist was able to bend but that was about it.Still, you've got the quality of a Barbie, the hair changes color in water and the nifty dress flip change thingey.  It's a pretty nice toy.Mildly recommended.
I love barbies and my daughter does as well, so of course we had to try this 2 in 1 transforming doll! Barbie sure has come along way from when my daughter was born almost 8 years ago dolls and movies included. This toy is no exception, it is truly splendid indeed.I was a little surprised to see how this toy was not properly functioning for so many people. We have taken this toy 3 times now to our local court club and it works just fine.The tail is easy to change and the toy is fun with legs or fins. Pair this with the movie and the book and you have a gift most little girls will flip for.Recommended!
My daughters liked this mermaid.We didn't realize at the time of ordering that only the hair changed color in warm/cool water, but it was still a fun experience to see the pink streaks appear and disappear almost instantly.The tail also sort of transforms, but the mechanism is a bit clumsy. Basically, a blue dress wraps around the doll and is secured to Barbie's upper butt by two tiny plastic pegs. You then push a button and the &#34;dress&#34; detaches, falls down the front of the doll, then creates a longer tail with its pink inner fabric.Fun overall!
This is a sturdy doll, and a LOT of fun! My 8 year old is a HUGE mermaid fan and plays with this doll daily.  It goes in the bath tub with her and her other mermaid dolls.
We have a number of Barbie mermaid dolls including not only Barbie, but her sidekicks as well. After my 9 year old watched the Pearl Princess movie she really wanted this doll. While there are some good things about it, there are some bad things as well.PROS:- The doll is gorgeous.- The hair changes color exactly as it should- The tail change works exactly as it is detailed to workCONS:- My daughter only likes the tail one way as the other type of tail just doesn't look good.- Water gets into the doll which means that you definitely need to make sure that you dry the doll out thoroughly before you store it anywhere.This Mermaid doll is great, but it's definitely not the best Barbie Mermaid doll out there.
Barbie The Pearl Princess 2-in-1 Transforming Mermaid Doll is a Barbie made with bath time fun in mind.  Her hair changes from plain blonde to blonde with pink highlights when you put her in the bathtub. She also comes with a hair comb which conveniently slides into the bottom of her mermaid fin and snaps in place to avoid it getting lost.In order to magically change her dress to a mermaid fin then simply snap in the seashells connected at the end of her gown around her and into her back. You must press quit hard and actually hear a click.  Then press the jewel necklace and TADA! Barbie is magically a mermaid!My daughter is 7 and she loves this toy and plays with it every time she takes a bath, I think she would highly recommend this for lots of under the sea adventures.
It does look a little cheap. Would not be my first choice. The comb is impossible for a child to hide in the tail, but easy to pull out. I feel like the doll's face could have been drawn with a lot more artistry, and better plastic used to make parts. I suppose my little daughter does not see any of it and simply enjoys playing with her new doll; the tail feature works well, and looks very pretty. But when I look at the Barbies my older daughter still has from 7 years ago, I cannot help thinking that the quality has gone down, by a lot.
While the name of this doll is fairly deceiving, as this Barbie Mermaid doesn't really &#34;transform&#34; into anything, it's a good bet for younger Barbie fans. The pink mermaid look, which has a detachable tale, is a permanent plastic fixture, painted on the doll, and thus allows her to be used as a bath toy, which particularly delighted the three-year-old playing with this one.The press-the-necklace and her tail changes from blue to pink ... That worked less well, as did the changing hair color (our pink streaks were always visible). The blue tail can be pulled into/out of place (it basically flaps done into a skirt, covering the tail part, but there wasn't anything really &#34;automatic&#34; about it, other than it getting looser. And getting it back on was impossible for this, and I'd guess any, preschooler, so a parent's help is definitely required. After about five minutes, she actually ended up playing with it more without the tail part--which also contains the costume change--at all.I liked that the crown was firmly affixed and the included comb was large, making it easy for little hands to brush Barbie's hair for a change.All in all, not an outstanding toy from a parental perspective, but a big hit with little girls, especially those that saw, or desperately want to see, the tie-in direct-to-DVD movie.
Here yet again is another Barbie DVD tie-in doll that just doesn't do the transforming properly.  On our doll, the tail never clips back into place so she pretty much stays in pink mode.  She does look like the mermaid from the DVD, however, so girls will want her for that. But keep in mind you can get the vanilla mermaid dolls for half the price.My 3 year old enjoys the movie so it isn't too big a deal that she doesn't work as promised. But I think any little girl over the age of 7 will be sophisticated enough to be frustrated by the doll. As well, the comb doesn't fit into place and my experience with previous Barbie mermaids that had a tail comb always ends up with the comb being lost. It's a useless gimmick for young kids.Note that she isn't really articulated except for the waist so posing is limited. There have been some great mermaid dolls in the past from Mattel that had rubbery fish tails that could bend at the 'knees' and felt better than this hard plastic doll.  But let's face it, if a child wants the doll that looks like the mermaid from the DVD, that's what you are going to get - even if you could get a better mermaid for cheaper.
