Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
It took me about 30 min to assemble the clubhouse, with cutting things loose gettinto box start to finnish. The instructions are just pictures I like words myself but understand it saves on printing a bunch of languages. If you give it as a gift it is a tad misleading that the swing is included as it says &#34;bunny swings too&#34;. The swing is sold separately.  Bunny does go up and down on the elevator. It does say up on the second floor when clicked in. There is a bed up there. You get a table 2 chairs and the food snaps in and ou of the holes on table. The side door opens and snaps closed. The oven opens as does the cabinet.For the price this is a good value as there are so many different things you have to play with. Ut will stand up to gentle play not for little ones who may be rough with it and it does have small parts. Very cheerful and the doll is cute with long blonde hair. Many of these playsets cost more for less &#34;play factors&#34;.  It's going to get a lot of use around here.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.036366820335388184,0.03819025307893753,0.03723124414682388,0.03440732881426811,0.03691980242729187,0.0361483134329319,0.036603473126888275,0.037291765213012695,0.03652476146817207,0.03874695301055908,0.037019453942775726,0.03723045811057091,0.03991793468594551,0.03736942633986473,0.0369039922952652,0.03602385148406029,0.03582514449954033,0.03673306852579117,0.03609515354037285,0.03648785874247551,0.03779950365424156,0.0375228226184845,0.03663729503750801,0.037704143673181534,0.036636244505643845,0.036912158131599426,0.03875074163079262
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
My daughter has gotten a lot of mileage out of this house since we received it.  I'm generally happy with it, although there are a few negatives.Pros:* The doll and the bunny are well-constructed and a lot of fun for kids.* Lots of interactive parts of the house - the door opens, the fridge and oven open, the elevator goes up and down, etc.* The table and chairs are also a big hit with my daughter.Cons:* The size of the house (very small) means that the number of other dolls that can &#34;play&#34; in this house is limited.  It's certainly too small for a normal size Barbie to fit in, so it's really specific to the Chelsea doll.  In addition, the house is so small that even a toddler will have trouble looking in if it's positioned on the floor.* Some of the pieces (juice boxes, cupcakes, pot) are really small and are definite choking hazards for smaller children.* Regardless of the stickers, the second floor doesn't really look like a second floor - it looks like a roof.  That's fine, but calling it a 2-story house is a bit of a stretch.In general, this is not bad for a $20 playset, especially since the Chelsea doll and the bunny are pretty well-constructed dolls on their own.  We have certainly had our share of more expensive toys that got used far less than this one.
The whole time I was putting this together I kept thinking &#34;I would have LOVED this when I was little!&#34;  Chelsea and her clubhouse are very pink, very frilly, very sweet, and very girly!  There are a lot of great details added to this - an elevator, a refrigerator and stove, a table with drinks and cupcakes, cute little chairs, a side door, an upstairs loft with a bed, a chandelier, a palm tree, and a clubhouse flag - oh and Chelsea and her bunny of course!On the downside, there are a LOT of parts!  When I first opened the package I was a little discouraged because it looked like a lot of assembly work.  I'd say it took me about 30 minutes to assemble everything.  I put it together while my daughter was napping to surprise her and she is so pleased with it!  I know she will get use out of it for a while as she grows, and I'm sure she's going to want more of the other dolls that go with this.I think the price is pretty good for all the pieces that are included.  The only negative thing I can say - besides 30 minutes of assembly time, is that our Chelsea doll arrived with some damage to her hair.  Her hair isn't smooth and soft like it shows in the picture.  The back of her ponytail has a section of hair that is broken off and frizzy, like it's been damaged from heat or something.  So that was disappointing.But otherwise I'm pleased with this, and my daughter is pleased with this.  I would recommend it for any little girls who love dolls and dollhouses.
Compared to a lot of Barbie playsets I have bought, this one is above average.  It was easy to put together, but whoever said it was 5 minutes apparently cannot tell time.  After a few kids, I'm rather proficient at putting these things together and this is more of a 12-15 minute project.  My seven year old daughter likes it and enjoys playing with it.  It is not exceptionally large, which makes it convenient for having a take-along toy.  I also recommend watching the video with the creator to get a glimpse of the heart of the imagination that went into developing this toy.
This is an adorable set. For a very reasonable price, you really get a lot of features. There are a lot of details to this small playset. Many people do not have room for a full size dollhouse, and in some little set, you get two stories, a bed, a dining set and even a working Elevator! Because of its compact size, it is also great to take on the go. It comes with Chelsea and her little bunny. It was really easy to put together, and my girls enjoy playing with it. It makes a great companion to other sets or a something great for Grandma's house. There aren't too many Barbie playsets you can get at this price, and this is a great one. I would recommend it.
My 4-year-old granddaughter loves this playset. The doll is adorable and poses easily. The clubhouse has great detail, with accessories to play with. The elevator is a nice touch, so Chelsea can go up on her rooftop. My granddaughter now wants the other sets to go with this one.
The set comes with the house, a working slide elevator, a table, two chairs, two plates with cupcakes, two juice boxes, a tea cup, a bed, a chandelier, a bunny, and the Chelsea doll.This is a fun transition set for girls who are not ready for the fashion Barbies yet.Chelsea's Clubhouse stands as tall as a full-size Barbie doll. I have uploaded a picture with a full-size Barbie to show you the sizing.My package was missing the assembly instructions, but even without the instructions, this toy was very easy assemble. In less than ten minutes, it went from box to play.My daughter is in first grade, and had a lot of fun with this. It also works well with smaller play dolls, like My Little Pony, Sofia the First, and Calico Critters.
My six year old loved this toy! As a parent, it was easy to put together in less than 20 minutes. The construction is sturdy, but care does need to be observed with the cardboard triangles and back wall. They can be bumped out if handled too roughly. The Chelsea doll is cute and has a toy rabbit to play with. The table and kitchen has cups and saucers.
Chelsea, Barbie's little sister, has an awesome Clubhouse.  All in all, this is a nice little playset that includes all the usual Barbie staples.  Chelsea's playhouse has a kitchen, tables and chairs and an elevator!  It's made of white and pink plastic pieces and once it's put together, it's a fun playset.  Putting it together, though, is not so much fun.  The instructions aren't very good and the pieces don't go together easily.  The sink was terribly hard to put in.  Keep the box handy until you are done putting this together.  I was also disappointed that this didn't have any sort of 'stow away' feature (ie: it doesn't fold up to stow it away easily when you're not playing with it).  The Chelsea doll included is cute, though she suffers from having no neck and no joints in her arms.  In terms of imaginative play, this set is worth it!
There were three steps to the assembly of this Clubhouse:*Plan A was to follow the directions.*Plan B involved just looking at the pictures on the box.*This was followed up by the preemptive action of texting my daughter-in-law to tell her that I did not use those words and they have no proof.48 pieces? That was my count before the pieces all started moving. 48 plus one doll with two shoes and one rabbit. It did not need to be that difficult. Some of the stickers and parts could have been put together ahead of time or at the very least be packed together, instead of the packing plan that had little pieces in one bag and big pieces in another.Yes. In the end, it is a cute toy and my granddaughter is sitting at the table, happily playing with it. She thought it was funny to watch me put it together. Her grandfather did, too. He brought me a shot of Jack Daniels and told me that it would make it all better.
An adorable Chelsea hangout set that's super easy to snap together in the newest tradition of what I like to think of as &#34;lego&#34; style snap on and play.  What I love about these Barbie sets in the last year or so is that not only are they easier to put together, but that the dishes/food snap into little &#34;lego&#34; type holes on top of the tables, inside the fridge/stove and other appliances, keepin for frustration-free play for the kids, and for parents to have hurt-free feet when stepping through the house.  This also makes for fast and easy clean-up and storage!The play-set itself was also quick to pop together, the instructions clear and easy to follow and the stickers easy to apply. The application instructions for the stickers were harder to find than usual at first for me, however, for they were towards the end rather than at the beginning of the instructions like they usually are.  I also was not a fan of the cardboard backing in the walls of the clubhouse as that could become easily bent, especially during setup if not careful, but we had no problems with this and you shouldn't either if careful.Overall a cute set and my 8 year old enjoys it.  Recommended!
This is a fun little playset for Chelsea and other smaller Barbie dolls. It didn't take long to set it up and my daughter loves it. It comes with some pretty small accessories, these might be a problem for younger children, but my 6 year old has fun with them. This clubhouse also as a cute little elevator in it. More often than not, my daughter uses this clubhouse for her Lalaloopsy dolls since she has more Lalaloopsy dolls than she does smaller Barbie dolls (this clubhouse isn't really designed for the full size Barbies) so the Loopsies visit Chelsea often or tea and cupcakes. :-)Overall, this is a fun clubhouse that gets a lot of use in our house.
This dollhouse took 20 minutes or so to assemble, but holds together pretty well.  My four year-old daughter really likes it, and it has held her interest for a couple weeks now.  It has a bedroom area on the roof and a kitchen area downstairs.  The only real negative is it has quite a few small parts that are easy to lose.  On the other hand, it is fairly complete for such a small package.  Lots of prompts for imaginative play.  My almost seven year-old son has even started asking for a &#34;boy dollhouse&#34; for his upcoming birthday after seeing his sister having fun with this.
It took me about 30 min to assemble the clubhouse, with cutting things loose gettinto box start to finnish. The instructions are just pictures I like words myself but understand it saves on printing a bunch of languages. If you give it as a gift it is a tad misleading that the swing is included as it says &#34;bunny swings too&#34;. The swing is sold separately.  Bunny does go up and down on the elevator. It does say up on the second floor when clicked in. There is a bed up there. You get a table 2 chairs and the food snaps in and ou of the holes on table. The side door opens and snaps closed. The oven opens as does the cabinet.For the price this is a good value as there are so many different things you have to play with. Ut will stand up to gentle play not for little ones who may be rough with it and it does have small parts. Very cheerful and the doll is cute with long blonde hair. Many of these playsets cost more for less &#34;play factors&#34;.  It's going to get a lot of use around here.
Very cute set with Chelsea Dolldd had no issues putting this togethertook about ten min to get it out and set upshe loved putting the stickers on itit is the typical barbie plastic/cardboard materialso doubt it will stand up to years of heavy useagewe like that it is smaller and perfect size for taking over to friends houses to playit is a great companion set for the barbie collectorbut is also a nice set for one just starting out on their collectionbecause it comes with so many little piecesi can see those who like playing with polly sets or lego friends liking this set toovery cute and fun
Our 3 year old grand daughter has a lot of fun with this doll and club house. The shoes don't stay on the dolls feet so we glued them on. It is hard for her to get the doll and bunny snapped into the elevator and remove them also.
Our girls like this Chelsea clubhouse addtion to their Barbie collection.  I like it because Dad with the girls(ages 7 & 10) put it together in 10 minutes.Plenty of pink, of course, but they include the doll and her adorable, little bunny.  Kids love the animals.  This is a two story with elevator clubhouse!  Chelsea and her bunny clip on to the elevator apparatus, and you push them up.  The second floor open air deck has a sofa and a tree.  On the first floor, they offer a small kitchen with a fridge you can open and store stuff.They feature nice accompaniments and decor.  A table and chairs, a few plates and snacks, a side door on the clubhouse.  The kids love the design- goes with their Barbie playhouse, Barbie RV and the ton of other Barbie and her Sisters stuff.  Al least here, there's not too many doo-dads to keep track of or lose.Overall, easy to set-up, takes little space, very appealing and plenty of Barbie cute appeal.  Now, I just have to get busy and  build them their real clubhouse,  Wish me luck!
It isn't everyday that you come across a great toy for your daughter at such a great price.  What's nice is it's a toy all within itself.  You get the doll, the clubhouse, accessories...EVERYTHING.  You don't need to buy anything for the gift recipient.Is it a fun toy?  Yes!  My almost-five year old tore right into it and didn't want to stop playing with it.I took a star away because it isn't the most sturdy toy in the world and could easily fall apart.
My little one had so much fin with this. This is great for a first big girl  ( 6 years and old and up) dollhouse. I like that everything comes with it. Meaning the doll. This does not take up much space but it is cute and durable as well. I have to say that the details on this set is great.  Great for pretend play as well. I like that it runs on imagination.
This adorable Chelsea Clubhouse Play-set is a great addition (or starter) for any Barbie fan, especially for younger kids just being introduced to Barbie.The two-tier clubhouse has a small kitchen area downstairs that is just the right size for Chelsea and her friends - a small fridge, and oven that open and close and a tiny sink and table and chairs allow for some pretend cooking fun.  Included in the set are cupcakes on plates and juice boxes that have special grooves on the bottom that allow them to stay in place when you put them in certain places in the kitchen - it's a handy feature to have when you want to transport the play-set and not worry about losing all of the tiny pieces.  A small table and 2 chairs allows Chelsea to share her treats with her friends.  A manually operated 'elevator' brings Chelsea and her bunny friend to the upper deck where she can relax and enjoy some fresh air.Some assembly is required, instructions are included but it took me less than 10 minutes to put things together.  I really like that the play-set is small enough to be easily transported if you want to take it out and about or even easy enough for your child to carry themselves from one room to another.  This set is perfect for younger kids ages 4-5 who might be over-whelmed by large Barbie dolls and clothes or Barbie doll houses, but it is still certainly fun even for kids over 5 who want to add to their Barbie collection.Included in this set are the Chelsea doll and her bunny, small table and 2 chairs, cupcakes on plates and juice boxes, and a pink and white daybed.  There are other Chelsea-themed play sets that go perfectly with this but are sold separately, as well as other Chelsea-sized friends.
I have to admit that I'm not up on my Barbie-ology.  I'm dating myself here, but I grew up with Barbie, Skipper, and Ken for the most part.  While my daughter is not a Barbie-Phile, I figured she'd like this little clubhouse - and the bunny - and I was right.This is an adorable little clubhouse!First, it's really easy to assemble.  The chip cards (I learned that term this Christmas while assembling toys) are already in for you and the pieces are sturdy and easy to snap together without bending or breaking them.  This is one of the few toys that I really was able to put together in just a few minutes - and with no cursing!  I didn't even need the instructions on this one.The details are astounding.  Everywhere you look there's something new to delight your eye.  While Chelsea herself didn't get much play, the bunny, my daughter's other small animals, and a few Ninja Turtles have taken over this clubhouse.A well-made, durable, and simply adorable little toy!
The Barbie world is huge, but there aren't tons of accessories for Barbie's sisters, especially Chelsea. Now Chelsea has her own clubhouse playset and it's definitely a fun one!To start with, this playset is fairly easy to set up. My 9 year old daughter and her friend were able to do most of it by themselves, although there were definitely a few pieces that I needed to help them with.There are a few things that make this playset something that children will enjoy, starting with the fact that it comes with Chelsea. Chelsea is perfectly sized to work with the playset. Another thing to love about this set is the elevator! Yes, Chelsea gets her own elevator and it's very sweet! It works beautifully and allows you another whole level to play with.My daughter also loved that the table and chairs were not connected to the set, so the girls were able to play with it with the other Barbie sets as well!
The Chelsea Clubhouse is a darling little play set. Arrives unassembled and will take you about 15 minutes to put together and then the fun begins! The Chelsea doll is of the same high quality we've come to expect from Barbie and her friends. She's a little larger than the Kelly Club dolls and she comes with a hard plastic bunny. There are lots of little pieces in this set and it is recommended for ages over three. This set is everything a little girl's childhood should be, a base for imaginative play with fun, happy colors. It is durable and simple to set up. There are other dolls and sets that can be added to this for a room full of fun. This set comes with one doll.
Got this for my daughter as a reward for good behavior.  She was SO excited and could not wait to get everything out of the package.  Of course, I had to put the Barbie DVD on the TV too.She spent the next couple of HOURS playing with this set and having a blast.  it is still the first thing she goes to when she comes home, even weeks later!  Now that's an accomplishment.You can't lose with this one.
Cute set for the smaller barbies (chelsea). My 9 year old enjoyed playing with it and even could assemble it as well. I'm glad it came with the doll as well as the playset because we mostly have full size barbies. She played with this a few days and then lost interest, but that's typical for her with Barbies, as she's more of a stuffed animal or baby doll girl. If you have a child that likes Barbies and the smaller (younger) barbie doll, she'll probably enjoy this sweet set very much.
This is a cute little playset that my almost three year old daughter enjoys.  She will be three in a couple of weeks and isn't ready for the small accessories such as the juice boxes, so I set all of the smallest accessories aside for when she's older.  There are still plenty of larger accessories that she is ready for, such as the bed, table, and chairs.  There's so much fun packed in to this little set with its working elevator, as well as kitchen appliances with doors that open and close.It did take me a good 20-30 minutes to put the set together and apply the stickers, which is typical of Barbie playsets.What I dislike about the set, as a mom, is that the back wall and top triangular pieces are simply made of a sturdy cardboard.  If I could change one more little thing, I would give the set a floor.
I fully understand why many mothers don't want to buy their daughters Barbies, but I think this playlet will be loved by all.  Chelsea, supposedly the younger sister of Barbie, does not appear as anorexic or curvaceous as her older sister.  I read (Wikipedia) that Chelsea is supposed to be 5-6 years old.  However, she looks older than that, even while holding a stuffed animal.I like this set because it has 20+ pieces and lots of ideas for imaginary play.  The box says that it's for children 3+ years.  I'd suggest giving it to 4+ year-old girls, as there are small parts included and some 3 year olds still put objects in their mouth.This line of Barbie dolls definitely beats the older, anorexic one and I think that any little girl receiving this as a gift would be pleased.
This little clubhouse makes a great toy for young girls ages 4-8, but it is really meant to be part of a larger collection, and there are other accompanying sets that are sold separately. The clubhouse featured here comes with a Chelsea doll and her pet bunny, which makes a great companion little sister doll for the larger Barbie dolls. Note: It requires assembly and takes about 15 mins or so to set everything up (comes with an instruction sheet).There are some fun features to this clubhouse, for example:* a working elevator (well, you'll have to operate it manually, but it does the job) which transports Chelsea to the clubhouse rooftop.* an oven & refrigerator that opens and closes* two entryways on the first floor which makes it easy for Chelsea and any other Chelsea-sized friend to enter the clubhouse* a table and two dining chairs* cute detailing throughout, on the accessories as well as the clubhouse* juice boxes (2), plates with cupcakes (2), chandelier, tea cup , and day bed (all toys are made of plastic)This set is an excellent starter set for little girls who might enjoy playing with several mini-playsets instead of the typical large all-in-one dollhouses. The bonus here is that these can be easily transported for play dates (you'll need a bag though) or even moved around by the child instead of having to rely on an adult to move things around (compared to those large, heavy full-sized dollhouses). I think this is a fun new range of toys that can be played with on its own, or as part of the larger series, with the rest of the accompanying sets.
