Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
One thing you can always count on with Baby Alive dolls is that they are durable. For my four year old niece this brings two of her favorite things together in one. A doll and doctoring. She&#8217;s at a stage where she wants to take care of her babies when they get &#8220;sick&#8221; or have a boo boo so grabbing this one for her was a no brainer and she LOVES it!Another plus besides it being durable for smaller children is the lack of hair&#8230; or the molded plastic hair. It gives her no muss no fuss when it comes to playing with her new favorite doll.Another thing she loves is giving her new doll and bottle and changing the diaper. And this is where the minus comes into things. The diapers are pretty lacking. They leak and cost a lot of money. Since she&#8217;s only four and is excited about the whole magic that is a doll that &#8220;wets&#8221; a diaper she wants to do this more than I can justify the cost for additional diapers&#8230; that aren&#8217;t all that great to begin with. After research I&#8217;ve found that others have used newborn diapers and after giving this a try I have to agree. It&#8217;s almost more cost effective. I&#8217;m also looking into a more biodegradable way for her to diaper her doll and if I do find something that works well I&#8217;ll be sure to update this review.In the end she loves it. She sits down and plays with this for hours and has a great time. Over all I&#8217;m pretty thrilled with it, which is what matters most.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.04420404136180878,0.046538084745407104,0.048760369420051575,0.04946421831846237,0.044453348964452744,0.04975422844290733,0.04539544880390167,0.04678542912006378,0.04775592312216759,0.04791123792529106,0.05033174529671669,0.04471009597182274,0.05157093703746796,0.04860049858689308,0.05120353400707245,0.04717421904206276,0.046922020614147186,0.046267032623291016,0.048024874180555344,0.047092560678720474,0.04708017781376839
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
My daughter is a huge fan of Doc McStuffins on Disney channel. She is always walking around with a medical bag and trying to fix people or her toys. I figured this would be great for her. She is 3 and a half.When it arrived my daughter played with it all night. The boo boo on the knee is really neat! You will see the boo boo disappear when you close the band aid that is built in! My daughter spent a lot of time trying to &#8216;apply&#8217; the ointment to help the doll and her injuries. I think she thought she was fixing it. The bottle has not been used much. The diaper, I gave up on the first day. It barely stays on and does not secure very well.However, the doll alone is really cute and durable without the accessories! Even though my daughter played with it a lot more when she first received it, it is a very durable doll. I do fear though it might not hold a child&#8217;s attention for a long time. It has been a little over a month now and she rarely picks it up.It is very cute, durable, but I worry with time if is just going to sit in the toy box like it has been. Had it been the first week I would give it four stars. However, since we have had it slightly over a month, I have to sadly give it three.
this is a nice product.  in the world where little girls love dolls, which i don't fully understand but support, this is a winner.  my 3 y/o is a bit of a hypochondriac who always thinks she needs a bandaid, even if a fly were to land on her.  this doll is all about those issues and she seems to enjoy and relate to it.  its also decently well constructed to handle rough play and usual wear/tear.  nice product.
"This doll is super cute!  My daughter was immediately drawn to the doll and wanted to check out the ""boo-boo"" on her leg.  She loves opening and closing things and she likes that you can open and close the band aid, and the boo-boo will slowly go away.  I've never seen that on a doll before - very clever idea.The doll also comes with one diaper, a sippy cup, and a pretend tube of antibiotic ointment.  You can give baby a drink with the sippy cup and she will wet her diaper.  The sippy cup really works, my daughter also enjoys drinking from the sippy cup herself while playing with this doll. :)  There are also some band aid stickers so your little one can put more bandaids on the doll, on herself, on mommy, etc...This has been a big hit with my daughter, the only negative thing I can say is that there is only 1 diaper included.  So if you're buying this for a gift you might want to order an extra set of diapers.  Or you could also try preemie diapers and see if they fit.  I think I'm going to try that.Would definitely recommend this for little ones who love dolls and colorful band aids. :)"
Baby Alive Baby Gets a Boo Boo is yet another version of the Baby Alive doll that my sisters enjoyed growing up more than three decades ago. With this Baby Alive, the theme isn&#8217;t eating and drinking- it&#8217;s helping the baby heal the wounds on her body.With Baby Alive Baby Gets a Boo Boo, there is one interesting feature, and that is the wound on the baby&#8217;s knee. It has a bandage all its own that cannot be completely removed, but can be opened, to check the wound. Each time your child checks, the sore will look different and will slowly heal. This is an interesting concept and not like any I have seen on a baby doll before.Other than the wound that slowly heals, the other qualities of this doll are not really anything special. Yes, she does drink from her bottle and yes, she goes pee in her diaper and has to be changed. This is actually rather annoying because only one diaper is included and it is ruined and must be disposed of after a single use. If your child really wants to feed the baby her bottle, it might be a good idea to find something permanent that you can just remove and toss in the dryer. Buying replacement Baby Alive diapers can get expensive and prove to be very inconvenient.Besides the bottle and diaper, Baby Alive Gets a Boo Boo also comes with a sheet of bandages and an ointment bottle that can be used to heal her boo boos. Kids can use their imagination a little bit and pretend they are helping their doll overcome her owies. But once this is done a few times, it may grow old. My girls got tired of this doll after only a couple of days and relegated Baby Alive Baby Gets a Boo Boo to their toy box, where she has been ever since.Girls love their dollies and a new and different doll is a welcome change of pace. But this Baby Alive Doll didn&#8217;t seem to pass the test of time in my household. The healing wound on the knee is interesting, but everything else if very ordinary and overdone. It&#8217;s an average doll overall, recommended only for the die- hard Baby Alive fan and other children who just can&#8217;t get enough of applying bandages to wounds and checking their status.
Our young niece has been playing with this doll, and so far she seems to like it a lot.  Unfortunately, while the price of the doll itself is reasonable, the only diaper included with it is one that has a one-time use before needing replacement.  Effectively, if your child plays a lot with this doll then you're going to run into the same expenses for diapers as you would with a child.  Hasbro does sell packs of diapers for the doll, but that can get expensive quickly and the diapers aren't great (try newborn diapers instead).The other problem I have with this doll is that the &#34;boo boo&#34; looks more like a gaping hole in the doll's knee that would more likely require stitches and possible surgery rather than a band-aid.  I understand what they're going for, but the execution on that element is very poor.  There are a lot of great doll choices out there, and I'd recommend many before this one.
I got this doll for my Mexican preschool students and they really take to her and all her scpeial needs. I also bought a big bag of number one (newborn) pampers because clearly the ONE which comes included would be used within no time at all.THe girls love this doll and share her well, carrying her around everywhere and caring for her many needs, from the wound on her leg to her feeding and changing, and carrying. THey set up situations for her and brgin her along. This doll is very sturdy without any messy hair to get tangled and stuck, a very solidly built doll for hard and caring use.And the girls all love her.Great accessories with the baby bottle (what would I use for replacement??) and the ointment tube. BUt be prepared with more pampers, please, the smallest sized.
I received this doll for a four year old little girl who has never had a Baby Alive doll.  She was immediately more interested in the boo boo than the bottle (which was fine with me).The bandage is hinged and permanent which is nice.  As you check on the boo boo, it &#8220;heals&#8221;.  After three checks, it is all gone and you can start again.  This was a big hit at our house.  I worry about anything that is hinged on a toy breaking, but so far the bandage has held up well.As with all Baby Alive dolls, when she eats, she uses her diaper.  This is the biggest problem with the doll.  She comes with one diaper, so you either have to come up with some panties/cloth diapers  for her, or deal with buying expensive replacement diapers which will be gone through like lightning.  I would have been a lot happier if she had come with a couple cloth diapers.Overall, the doll seems durable.  She&#8217;s been flung all over the place and is still going strong!
Our two year old loves this doll! She comes with toothpaste (&#34;brusha teeth dadda&#34;), a bottle that can hold water, bandage stickers, and a diaper.You can fill the bottle with water and feed her (she loves doing this!) and it makes her wet her diaper. The issue is that you'll be going through a TON of these tiny disposable diapers just to keep your little one entertained. I really wish they included a cloth diaper that would just dry out, but of course they wouldn't make as much money. Those little disposable diapers are expensive! So we don't let her drink much. Our daughter much prefers to feed her toothpaste anyway ;)The bandaid is attached and the &#34;wound&#34; heals a little bit every time you open and close it. It takes three times before it's healed, then you start over again. Really neat idea.It's a pretty durable doll as she's been tossed around a bit and has held up nicely.
This Baby Live Baby Gets a Boo Boo doll isn't my favorite Baby Alive.  Personally, I prefer the more basic version of her.  She has a few feature I like, though.  First, I have always loved the molded hair on these dolls.  There's effort put into the hair mold that you don't see in all toddler dolls.  Second, I like that the diapers for this doll are easily accessible.  They are Baby Alive diapers, which are sold in stores for mostly affordable prices.What I don't like about this baby is the wound on her knee.  The boo boo is on a second layer of plastic, so when the band-aid opens, you see a large circle in her knee above the boo boo.  I wish this had been a water effect or something like that, because I think the fact that she has (essentially) a hole in her knee is strange!She has an adorable little face, though, which is usually par for the course with these dolls.  While I'm not in love with this Baby Alive, she is (for the most part) well put together and should entertain your little one!
I don't know why children find bandages so entertaining.  They never actually leave them on long enough for the wounds to heal.  They spend half of the bandage's life opening it to see what is underneath.  One of the adults in my house also loves bandages and he has an entireStack-On DO-17 Deluxe Pro Parts Storage Organizer Box with 17 Compartmentsdevoted to it, which is endlessly entertaining to the Littles.This doll has one permanent bandage on her knee, with a `wound' that changes every time you look under the bandage.  It also comes with 10 small bandages of very small size.  In other words, you will probably want  a set ofBand-Aid Brand Adhesive Bandages, Dora the Explorer Decorated Bandages, 25 Count (Pack of 3)orBand-Aid Brand Adhesive Bandages, Planes, 20 Count (Pack of 6).  Boys will also like this doll.I was a little alarmed when the 5 year old went off running with this doll by the arm because she doesn't really have a good head of hair to hold on to.  The arm is probably a better hand-hold though.Fisher-Price Dora the Explorer Dress Up Collection Doll(the Un-Dora) is still being carried around by her hair.  Poor Dora.I absolutely do not like the diaper included in this and will find underwear for the poor little baby somewhere.  This Baby Alive is potty trained.  Finis.  Diapers may be purchased and need to be used at the rate of once for every bottle. The cost ofHasbro Baby Alive Diapers Accessory Packis @ +/- $8 at today's prices.  That might have been funny (to me, anyway) the first time I bought aBaby Alive Whoopsie Doo Dollfor my perfect little granddaughter but we only through one pack of diapers.  After that, it's all pretend food and pretend water.  It is, after all, a pretend baby.
I rarely do the pros and cons type of reviews, but with this doll I feel the pros and cons are so cut and dry I'm just going to list the reasons why I like and dislike this doll. From there, hopefully you can decide whether this doll is RIGHT for your child. That's right, I don't hate this doll. I don't think it's a bad product, I just don't think EVERYone will love it.PROS- Comes with accessories and stickers, that is, ONE sheet of bandage stickers, one &#34;medicine&#34;, one sippy cup and ONE diaper- Cute enough doll, and no stringy hair to become ratted and gross as your child plays with it- Cute outfit, cute shoes, cute face- Great price for a doll these days- Kids have fun &#34;treating&#34; the &#34;wound&#34;, which looks more like a gaping hole flesh wound that should be seen by a doctor, but the brilliant design means that every time your child &#34;treats&#34; the wound by pulling back the bandage, the wound rotates and gradually becomes &#34;healed&#34;CONS- Not a necessarily lifelike looking doll- Comes with one diaper, but for some reason the peeing part is the best part of this doll, so buying replacement diapers gets expensive. Look. I hate putting up the money for my REAL KID'S diapers! Why would I spend good money on DOLL DIAPERS?! I wouldn't and I won't! One reviewer mentioned sewing some reusable cloth diapers for this doll, which is a great idea, but not everyone sews.- Wound looks like a gaping holeI don't think this is an awful choice for a toy or a present, I really don't. I think the whole boo boo theme is a little over the top, because my kids already have lots of dolls they love and I'm willing to spare a bandage {but not a pricey diaper} on them every once in a while for fun. The rotating wound thing is just a little gimmicky for my taste. That said, if your child LOVES playing nurse and has a special interest in dolls such as these--which require nurture and special care--then for this price, I can't think of a reason not to recommend it. You'll have to decide whether or not this is the type of doll you're looking for and go from there. As for me, I don' love it. I also don't hate it. It's fine.
My almost 3 year old granddaughter loves dolls and this doll is no exception. She enjoys playing with the items that came with the baby. I don't plan on allowing her to use actual water to feed her baby, so I don't see the 1 diaper as being a problem.
One thing you can always count on with Baby Alive dolls is that they are durable. For my four year old niece this brings two of her favorite things together in one. A doll and doctoring. She&#8217;s at a stage where she wants to take care of her babies when they get &#8220;sick&#8221; or have a boo boo so grabbing this one for her was a no brainer and she LOVES it!Another plus besides it being durable for smaller children is the lack of hair&#8230; or the molded plastic hair. It gives her no muss no fuss when it comes to playing with her new favorite doll.Another thing she loves is giving her new doll and bottle and changing the diaper. And this is where the minus comes into things. The diapers are pretty lacking. They leak and cost a lot of money. Since she&#8217;s only four and is excited about the whole magic that is a doll that &#8220;wets&#8221; a diaper she wants to do this more than I can justify the cost for additional diapers&#8230; that aren&#8217;t all that great to begin with. After research I&#8217;ve found that others have used newborn diapers and after giving this a try I have to agree. It&#8217;s almost more cost effective. I&#8217;m also looking into a more biodegradable way for her to diaper her doll and if I do find something that works well I&#8217;ll be sure to update this review.In the end she loves it. She sits down and plays with this for hours and has a great time. Over all I&#8217;m pretty thrilled with it, which is what matters most.
My daughter has several Baby Alive dolls and every time she sees one, she wants to test it out.  I picked this one to add to her collection for her 5th birthday, and just like the previous Baby Alive dolls, this was a success.The only thing that I had to work with her on was not &#34;feeding&#34; this Baby Alive.  I had to explain that this baby only needs a bottle, but after a time or two, my daughter was okay with that.  She likes making her baby &#34;feel better&#34; and even asks me to put lavender oil on her boo-boo before she puts the Band-Aid on.  :-)This doll is adorable, my daughter likes her, and she's a lot easier to keep clean without the &#34;food&#34; going through her.  I also like that she fits into the re-usable flannel diapers I made for the other dolls to cut down on her cost every time my daughter wants to play with her.  Check my other reviews for a recipe for &#34;food&#34; to cut down on her costs even more.  ;-)Enjoy this doll - we are!
My 5 year old thought this was very cute.  The band-aid on baby's knee is permanently stuck on and each time you lift it, the boo-boo is smaller and smaller, until the 3rd time, it's completely gone.  The doll is very durable plastic.  She does come with some band-aid stickers, but we couldn't really peel them back off of her arms/legs very well, so that was frustrating for my daughter.  Also, she does wear a disposable diaper, so if you're going to let her drink from her cup, you have to be ready for her to pee and to replace the diapers (which are a bit pricey) So, for that reason, we don't do the actual drinking feature on this doll.  Otherwise, my daughter likes her, but i'm not sure of her longevity.
My two-and-half-year-old is adorable but seems to be always (spoiler alert) running into things and falling down.  So, she is familiar not only with boo-boos but for the need of a boo-boo buddy (typically an ice pack).  And, now, lo and behold, she has her very own boo-boo buddy baby for whom she can take care of boo-boos just like a big girl.  A huge, HUGE hit.  I highly recommend this doll.
We have a new baby in our house and my daughter enjoys taking care of HER new baby as well.  The band aid is really cool - the wound goes through 3 healing stages which my daughter loves.The diapers can be expensive, and let's face it, the peeing part is the best part for kids.  However, if you make (or buy) a couple of cloth diapers, it's no big deal.
This is a great baby doll.  The bandage on the knee cycles through 3 states of boo-boo.  Every time you open it it proceeds from Big Boo-boo to little boo-boo to all better.  It's otherwise a normal baby doll (it also wets a diaper).  My nearly 2 year old daughter loves this doll and instantly understood how to work the bandage.  She also kissed it.  Very sweet.The great thing about the doll is that even if she gets bored by the boo-boo, it's pretty unobtrusive (i.e. it's not a one-trick pony baby doll) and is a perfectly sweet doll on its own.
I honestly didn't think this would be a hit with my daughter.  I was wrong.  She had previously had a Baby Alive and I have a feeling that Baby Alive is now dead in the bottom of a toybox somewhere, as it was rarely used.  This one definitely captured her attention moreso.  She is at the age where kids are a bit fascinated by doctors, especially a certain Disney character.  This doll capitalizes on this interest, though there is a more expensive version that does more as well (Baby Alive Make Me Better)This has the same cup and diapers as the original Baby Alive.  I don't really bother with the diapers because you are not supposed to reuse them.  I find that you can reuse them a few times and they still work out ok.  I am not going to waste money buying more diapers for a doll.  You can also buy juice mixes for the bottle, but that also seems a bit silly.This version comes with the bandage on the doll's leg.  When you open it, the wound is big and red, close it, open it again and it's smaller.  The third time you open it, the &#34;boo-boo&#34; is gone.  It comes with medicine and sticker band aids as well.I give this 4 stars because it is still entertaining for my daughter.  She also uses her generic doctor's kit on it.  The doll holds up pretty well to a beating and is easy to clean.
My 4 year old daughter absolutely loves this doll.  She's had it for over a month now, and still plays with it daily.  The doll comes with an ointment bottle, bandages, a sippy cup, and a disposable diaper.  The diapers are expensive to buy, so I haven't let her know that the baby can actually drink water.  The doll has a bandage on her knee that goes through 3 stages of injury, from bad, to better, to healed.  She has a Fisher Price doctor kit that's she plays with in conjunction with this doll, which I think really increases her interest.
This Baby Alive Gets A Boo-Boo has a lot more playability than many of the other Baby Alive dolls- some of whom only talk or only do one or two things. The doll itself is all hard plastic, so she is not huggable. However, she has a removable dress, so she can wear other things, and it didn't take long for our girls to beg me to make this doll a nightgown and a white hospital gown to get her ready for a hospital bed so they can care for her.The doll has a permanent band-aid on her knee, so when you open up the band-aid to look at her boo-boo, you will see the boo-boo change to all gone in a few looks. She also comes with a small array of band-aids and antiseptic, so the children can fix any boo-boos that this cute faced doll will get. Besides caring for her boo-boos, this Baby Alive comes with a bottle and a diaper, so you can feed and change her. You give her water and then have to change the wet diaper.The only problem is with only one diaper, you will have to get her more diapers as the children find this feeding and changing fun. I took an old towel and cut up diapers for the girls. I added some velcro to be able to close the diaper without pins from the craft sewing store and now they have a supply of diapers that will dry over night- or if they can't wait- in the dryer for a few minutes. There is something about a doll that drinks, wets and gets boo-boos that makes the girls just love to take care of her. With an old towel, velcro and a hand made hospital gown, you will give your little caretakers hours of fun, making this doll well worth the money for a lot of fun play value.
