Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
The Fisher-Price Imaginext Alpha Explorer lets your child pretend to be a space explorer. In the box you get a launchpad, spaceship, and astronaut-type figurine. The launcher can put the figurine into the spaceship for launch, and provides a countdown including removing the hoses that &#34;refuel&#34; the spaceship. After the countdown your child can pretend to launch and fly around a bit, and let the space explorer get out and do his thing. There are a couple other features but that's basically what this toy is about.Although I like the toy, my kids haven't picked it up in a couple weeks, so I'm going to say this is good for between a week and a month of play for your typical preschool or kindergarden-aged kid. I doubt older kids would enjoy it much.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.029869312420487404,0.030866000801324844,0.0308972280472517,0.03112279437482357,0.031966615468263626,0.028914354741573334,0.0316937156021595,0.031102994456887245,0.02963140234351158,0.029697876423597336,0.03101261705160141,0.03513282164931297,0.031365662813186646,0.03240358084440231,0.031433772295713425,0.031451381742954254,0.031517066061496735,0.030391113832592964,0.030849425122141838,0.030836593359708786,0.03127890080213547,0.030254092067480087,0.029887279495596886,0.03193853422999382,0.03135693445801735,0.03296515718102455,0.032035037875175476,0.03395313769578934,0.032771509140729904,0.030016431584954262,0.02928949147462845,0.03209711238741875
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
My eldest daughter, nearly six years old, loves Fisher-Price Imaginext toys, and she has accumulated enough of them to occupy our dining room table as her semi-permanent Imaginext city, featuring action heroes, Batman, Disney, and other sets which work pretty well together and allow her to really get creative with her playtime.  That said, up until this Alpha Explorer set arrived, my daughter did not have any Imaginext space-themed toys.  The arrival of this one was a big deal in our house, and I am pleased to say that it met her expectations for the most part.As other reviewers with similar Imaginext experience have suggested, this is one of the weaker entries in the lineup.  It has sounds and activity zones, but it's not nearly as nifty as, say, the Batcave or the Monsters, Inc. Laugh Floor (two additions to her collection which receive a lot of repeat playtime).  The Alpha Explorer works well in conjunction with other Imaginext toys, but on its own I cannot help but wonder if a child will get with its limitations and loud noises.  My daughter had no problem with the loud, incessant sounds but perhaps as she gets older this will bother her too.This will be a part of our Imaginext universe for the foreseeable future, but I can say with certainty that it will never be a favorite.
Our 4 year old son immediately went to this spaceship when we were at the store exclaiming that he wanted it for his birthday. It did not disappoint. There is plenty here to play with from the extending wings of the ship, to refueling in port, to the lasers that shoot from the space port and from the space ship. Our 4 year old loves it and has been playing with it for hours. Like all Imaginext toys we own, it is sturdy and well built.
My 6 year old son immediately thought this space shuttle and station were way cool. As we began opening it, he was so disappointed that the alien was not included with the set. My son always wants to have a &#8220;bad&#8221; guy for the &#8220;good&#8221; guy to fight. Of course, the alien is sold separately. We have several Imaginext toys and sets. I have purchased a fair amount of accessory items to go with their bigger sets but it's gets a little aggravating that everything is sold separately. Imaginext toys are not cheap either. For the price, this could have come with two figures.Other than that, he enjoyed the space station and shuttle. He liked that you can take the shuttle out and play with that independently. He has played with the shuttle and figure than he has the set as a whole.
My son is 6.  He's had so many Imaginext play sets over the years that he played with for 20 minutes and never looked at again that I was hesitant to add another one to the house.  But, I went ahead.  He LOVES this!  It hasn't left the living room since it arrived.  He actually flies the plane part around, shoots at imaginary things, re-docks it to re-fuel, and takes off again.  He has been playing with it non-stop for about two weeks now which is a record for us.  Even funnier, my 14 year old daughter loves it.  I caught her flying it around a few days ago.  When I looked at her like she had lost her mind, she said, &#34;This thing is really cool.&#34;  My only complaint is, it's also really loud!  But, that's probably why they like it.
This is a nice imaginext set. Unlike others that are this small this has a lot more to do thanks to the rocket which is removable. This ads an entirely new experience to the toy. It has a lot of accessories too.However, my one issue with it is that it only comes with one figure. It would be even more fun if it has a second figure like the alien pictured on back of the box and in the photos on the product page.Imaginext are great toys and this one is a great addition to any collection- especially if you have more figures.
We have been buying Imaginex toys since they first came out; first for our youngest sons, then for an ever-increasing string of grandsons. This isn't one of the best.There are not many things to interact with in this set. The multilevel play Imaginex has made famous is completely missing. The guys loved the projectiles, of course. and the astronaut is cool. But he doesn't fit in some of the play areas with his helmet on, which interrupted a very involved play time.On the plus side, an astronaut playset is a refreshing change. It's nice to see a toy that involves a job that a child could actually aspire to do.
This was a pretty big hit with both my boys, 4 yrs & 2 yrs old.  The play options seem somewhat limited but the space ship itself will probably stay in rotation for some time.  The toy comes fully assembled, which is nice.
My three year old has played happily with the Alpha Explorer for hours and returned to it every day. It is an all in one in that it comes with everything needed to get full range of play without needing to buy anything extra- this is a huge plus as there's nothing I hate more than to get a toy only to find out that something is missing and I need to buy it separately.The Alpha Explorer is another winning toy from Fisher Price's Imaginext line. Lots of stuff to do, bells, whistles and interactive with voice responses to different actions on the launcher. Very sturdy. A+
We're big imaginex fans around our house -- robots, dinos, knights, etc.  The Alpha Explorer isn't the best toy in the series, but it still offers plenty of opportunities for fun.  The spaceship alone is quite fun.  Yes, it can be loud but not offensively so and the expanding wings are quite cool.  I also like the various aspects of the launch center such as the spinning space jail and the elevator.  As with most fisher price, this toy is also built to last, with hard plastic and durable construction.As with most toys in the imagex line, the test for this toy is whether it triggers interesting opportunities for imaginative play.  Well, we've spent three weeks fighting space aliens and protecting the dinosaur colony with no end in sight.
I got this for my three year old son to play with as we have purchased some other imaginext toys in the past.  He really likes this toy and has lots of fun playing space travel with it.  He does still have a little trouble turning the character in the little slot that his feet fit it but I am sure he will figure it out. He likes to put the figure in the space craft and make it blast off  and then zoom around.  The projectile that it shoots is also very fun for him to play with. We will continue to buy products in the imaginext line for our kids as they are great for them to play with.
My grandson is a now a few months from his 4th birthday and he loves playing with this toy. Like other Fisher-Price toys he has and that we have for him to play with, the Imaginext Alpha Explorer is cleverly designed, well-built, safe, and stands up to somewhat rough play. If not abused I think it should last a long time (as tends to be the case with Fisher Price toys in general). It is conducive to imaginative self-directed play, which in my grandson's case means that he can easily play with it for an hour or so by himself, talking to, with and about it all the while, while being fully occupied and happy. There are a few very small parts that can easily be lost, such as a few projectiles, so parents and guardians would do well to take note of these and make sure to collect them when play time with this toy is over.This toy does make noise; it makes a variety of electronic sounds effects and phrases, which are powered by 2 AA batteries, which are included.There is a 30 second long video demo of this toy at the Fisher Price site (at the first link that comes up when I google fisher price imaginext alpha explorer), and a slightly more in-depth review at YouTube that is just under 2 minutes long (and which can be found by searching timetoplaymag imaginext alpha explorer).
The Fisher-Price Imaginext Alpha Explorer lets your child pretend to be a space explorer. In the box you get a launchpad, spaceship, and astronaut-type figurine. The launcher can put the figurine into the spaceship for launch, and provides a countdown including removing the hoses that &#34;refuel&#34; the spaceship. After the countdown your child can pretend to launch and fly around a bit, and let the space explorer get out and do his thing. There are a couple other features but that's basically what this toy is about.Although I like the toy, my kids haven't picked it up in a couple weeks, so I'm going to say this is good for between a week and a month of play for your typical preschool or kindergarden-aged kid. I doubt older kids would enjoy it much.
its got all sorts of gadgets and gizmos to spin and turn and stuff. he loves it. and its the right size to interact with other things as well that he has, the other toys are all shapes and sizes and it fits in very well.
This toy has nice big chunky parts, which is always something I look for in a toy for my nephew:  He likes to grab big things and smash them, apparently.  He has a younger sister - age 1 - so I have to watch her near this because of the small parts (the dart thing that shoots).  But overall, it's safe to keep near both of them.  He played with it immediately, soon lost interest, but occasionally will use parts of this (the ship) when playing with other toys (Angry Birds are his favorite).  So far it's been stable/sturdy: and I will update this review if that changes!  A cute no-nonsense toy for a kid.
I gave the Alpha Explorer to my cousin to evaluate with her five-year-old son Brandon.  Brandon was ecstatic when he saw the toy, saying, &#34;I always wanted a space ship, and no one ever got me one!&#34;  He loved playing with it from the start, and he told his mom he wanted an entire galaxy in his living room.  So Laura blew up balloons of different sizes and hung them around the living room, creating our solar system for Brandon and his space ship.  Brandon was in heaven.This toy is durable, and it makes several sounds, both words and &#34;spacey&#34; noises, and this brings me to my one issue.  When the toy was delivered, it was making a beeping noise (which I am sure was delightful to the UPS driver).  We opened the box immediately and fiddled with the batteries, but we could not make the noise stop until we changed the batteries.  We read in the instructions that this sort of event is an indication that the batteries are nearly spent.  The new batteries worked fine, except that now the toy is very sensitive, and even a slight jostle will set it off, making some sort of noise.  This is startling and disconcerting unless you are expecting it, and I advise that when you are not actually using the toy, you store it where it cannot be moved.Still, that is my only caution.  Your preschooler will get hours of imaginative play out of this toy, so I do recommend it.
"I got this to review through the Amazon Vine program.  We have a ton of Imaginext toys around the house for my 6 year old son.  He was super excited when this showed up for review.  Then he was pretty disappointed after playing with it for a while.Most of the Imaginext toys have tons of neat little levels and platforms and twists, this one has a few but no where near the amount of most Imaginext toys.  It also has some sounds, but they are very loud and annoying.  One of the sounds plays over and over and over when you bump it a certain way and the sound keeps going 5 to 10 minutes after you stop playing with the toy.  It's really quite obnoxious...in fact my 6 year old came in and asked if there was a way to turn off the sounds.  Seriously...a 6 year old boy thought this was obnoxious...so you can imagine how his parents feel.The plastic is much lighter weight than the other Imaginext toys we have and feels a lot cheaper.  This basically comes with an Imaginext figurine and space helmet, a spaceship, and a launching pad.  Usually the Imaginext vehicles have lots of neat doodads on them.  This spaceship has a gun to shoot and a cockpit for the figurine but that's about it.My son loves Imaginext toys.  After a week of playing with this one he took it and set it in the garage and came and told me ""Mom you can donate that one if you want, I really don't like it.""  My son is also well aware of the fact that this toy came in for review.  So he provided this advice for me: ""Mom I would give that 2 to 3 stars.  It is loud and not really all that fun to play with.""I would definitely recommend theFisher-Price Imaginext Space Shuttle and Towerover this set.  We have had this Imaginext Space Shuttle for years, it is a very neat set and gets a ton of play time in our house.  I would not recommend this Alpha Explorer set, it's just not up to the quality of other Imaginext sets out there."
My two youngest really love the Imaginext toys. Castles, knights, ninjas, dragons, dinosaurs - we have quite the collection.This was different from what they already have and still very fun. They've already incorporated it into their games.There was really no set up required. It comes with batteries, but those are only used for sound effects, so if you feel its too noisy, those can be pulled and the toys are still ready to go. With both the launchpad and the spaceship, there is a lot here to play with.The only issue was that there were alien figures on the box, but it only comes with one human astronaut. It was easy enough to bring over their other characters to fill the gaps, though, so it was just a tiny hiccup.These have become favorite toys for gift giving for the 5-7 year old crowd. Lots of imaginative play, durable figures and playsets. Also, there really aren't a lot of small pieces other than the projectiles and helmets.
Imaginext has been a hit around our house, and this hasn't been an exception to that for us. I have a four-year-old who's moderately into space (but doesn't know Star Wars exists apart from Angry Birds.) This has been a real favorite of his, and has probably gotten as much playtime over a matter of weeks as anything else he owns.Granted, it's not as big or involved as some of the other Imaginext Playsets and doesn't have as many things to do. However, in my opinion, the price reflects that compared to other Imaginext products. Perhaps this means it's better suited for the younger half of the suggested age range. Essentially, it's a fun spaceship with launch pad, plus a &#34;laser&#34; projectile launcher that can attach to launch pad or ship. It does include a space guy figure to fly the plane, though I really think it would have been even more fun with another figure (perhaps an alien so they're be someone to put in the little jail?)In all, this wins points from me because it relies mostly on imaginative play and it's been quite a bit of fun in our household.
Imaginext has made far better toys than this. The price isn't cheap and the figure itself doesn't really do anything. It makes a lot of cool noises but it does not hold their attention for too long. Some of the features did not even work most of the time, and I felt like he was done with it after the first 30 minutes. It may attract kids younger than 5 but certainly not the 3-8 age limit stated.
My son is on the older side for the this toy, as he is 7. We have the Imaginext space shuttle and a couple more toys in that line so this fits in perfectly with that.He enjoys the sounds, the things that shoot but most importantly, he loves that the ship is able to be deployed and be flown around. The added bonus of more space dudes, things that shoot off the base, too and extra fun places to play on the base is a good thing.It didn't hold his attention as long as I would have hoped, but this is less about the toy and more about his vast toy choices at home.  It is something that he will keep in his space toy collection for a while longer.
I got this for my five year old son. Immediately, my first impression was that it is a NOISY toy. The talking and sound effects were near constant and at one point, my son asked me to turn off the sound, which I did. Once we did that, he liked it better and played with it for about a solid week.The shuttle comes out and can be played by itself, which he did, often zooming it around the house.The astronaut is the perfect size fitting inside the shuttle and at various stations. One of my son&#8217;s favorite was the elevator that brought the astronaut to and from the shuttle.But all this enjoyment lasted about one week. The laser projectiles were quickly lost and the newness of the toy wore off. He&#8217;s since moved on to other things. I would not categorize this as an open-ended toy. I&#8217;m thinking of packing it away and bringing it out maybe in six months and see if there is renewed interest.
There is a lot of options for play in such a small package. This will keep your child busy for hours. There are noises/sound effects, phrases, laser launching and of course tons of imaginative play. The little guy that is included has movable arms, hand and legs. The set is made well and durable. No worries about breaking anything. I think it is a decent set for the price and it is worth it. It is something that will last longer than a few months and is actually fun.
"My kids have a boat-load of Imaginext products. Some we purchased new, some we received as hand-me-downs, and some (like this one) we received as sample products. Since we have about ten Imaginext playsets out on the family room floor at any given time, it's safe to say that we are fans of the product line and can easily compare this new set to what has come before.This (smallish) play set has two main parts: a small blue spaceship and a launch pad. There is one small astronaut figure that comes with the set, but he has no companions or enemies to play with him.  :(  I was a bit surprised by this fact, as well as a bit disappointed. It seems to me that every mid- to large-sized play set should have two character figures included with it. It makes the set more fun to play with - whether a child is playing on his/her own or with a friend. The figure has a removable space helmet, but that really isn't any big deal. It's just one more knick-knack to keep track of. Personally, I would have preferred to have the helmet permanently attached.The launch pad has several moving parts, including docking clamps, a fuel hose, a ""transporter"" beam, a personnel lift, and a ball turret that shoots a small plastic rocket projectile. Naturally, the astronaut can be placed into the transporter, into the ball turret, or on the personnel lift to load him into the spacecraft.The spacecraft, itself, is pretty small. I would have preferred it to be larger, but my son seemed OK with it the way it is. The clear plastic cockpit canopy can be raised to seat the astronaut inside. The spaceship has several buttons - each of which can be pressed to activate a number of features. One button launches plastic projectiles (the same kind used in the ball turret). One button extends four small, red wings from the bottom of the craft. The last button activates a samll red light on the top of the spaceship, accompanied by sound effects and phrases such as ""Alpha Explorer ready to go!"" or ""Right on target!"" or ""Time to go home!"" The ship's color scheme is blue on top, grey on bottom with accents in red. If placed in an upright launch position it will stand, freely.Personally, I don't like this little set nearly as well as some of my kids' other Imaginext sets, but my youngest son seems to like it as well as or better than the rest of them, and I guess that is the best recommendation I can give it. Most little boys have similar tastes, so if my son likes it, your son probably will, too. I would rate this product as a three-star item if I was grading it based on my own personal opinion. However, since my son would clearly give it a five-star rating, I will average the two and give it a four-star rating.One last thing I should point out: This product IS battery powered and comes with the required batteries necessary to power it. Unfortunately, the included batteries in my unit were DOA. Pretty disappointing for a product that is brand new and (I can only assume) pretty much came straight to my house from the manufacturer. These must be some of the cheapest batteries ever made if they didn't even have the juice in them to last a few weeks without ever being used. :("
I have to say this toy was delivered with a lot of fanfare. The package was making a lot of noise when it arrived. I opened the box as quickly as possible to try and shut it off. Unfortunately it wasn't that easy. I tried every button but could not get it to stop. Finally my husband came in to see what I was playing with and he managed to shut it off. Neither of us was sure how he did it.Despite my bad first impression, my grandsons, eight and six, were excited to try out the new toy. They have other Imaginext toys and love them. They liked the Alpha Explorer at first, but lost interest after a short time. There's not as much to involve them as in other Imaginext toys, and the novelty wears off quickly. Maybe it would interest younger children, say four to six. For that reason it gets a 3.
My son loves Imaginext toys, but this one didn't seem to grab his interest. It has really obnoxious sounds that play over and over, so that didn't help. But ultimately it's just that he lost interest pretty quickly and this one went in the closet while he plays with other toys.
This sturdy Fisher-Price toy has a fully poseable astronaut and and a launch platform with a laser cannon that shoots out projectiles. The blue spaceship has propulsion-based sound effects and astronaut phrases.  Astronauts can be placed on the platform, geared up and prepared for blastoff! The ringed jail cell (complete with manually spinning rings) reminds me of the Superman movies with General Zod, Ursa and Non trapped in the prism.  I wish a couple bad guy aliens were also included in the set, or even another astronaut to spin the jail cell rings, as this set includes just one astronaut.  Two 2 AA batteries are included. A great toy for early elementary aged kids!
My 6 year old grandson played with this toy pretty avidly for a couple of weeks. After that, he became bored and does not pick it up very frequently. I think the toy is sturdy and pretty unbreakable, which is a good thing for young children to have, because they generally need something built to last awhile. However, while I understand that most toys will bore young children after awhile, this one does not seem to have any memorable &#34;hooks&#34; or bells and whistles or learning incentives to keep young minds occupied after the initial excitement and newness wears off. The price is reasonable, however, and it may be that a 6 year old needs something more stimulating than a younger child would. I probably would not recommend this for children over 5 years old and maybe 4 years is an even safer bet for holding a child's interest.
My 5-year-old nephew loves playing with this new toy at my house. The station is quite large and holds a ship that detaches and shoots out little projectiles and can hold the one figurine that it comes with. (We quickly went out and bought another figure that goes with this set.) The noises it makes can be a bit loud and repetitive, but that's my only complaint. It's sturdy, well-made, and has a lot of options for play.  My nephew has a great imagination and after an hour or so of playing with this set, he decided to make his own life-size space ship out of a cardboard box.
I love all Imaginext playsets, but the Alpha Explorer didn't thrill me as much as I thought it would.  It's a bit small for the price and the kids, who have wonderful imaginations, had a little trouble catching the concept. We do own the space shuttle and tower as well. That one, they immediately knew what to do with.  Needless to say, add a kid, an imagination and an Imaginext playset and you have hours of playtime!  It's good, but not the &#34;best one&#34; we have played with.
I got this for my three-year old daughter who has a few other Imaginext toys and enjoys them all. This set is no exception and she's been playing with it ever since she got in three weeks ago (many toys only have a lifespan of a couple of days). Set is very durable, however, from an adult point of view, these are all a bit overpriced. It seems you pay for durability here and not content or creativity.
"I'm hoping this isn't a trend, but after years of loving Imaginext sets, sets that help kids' create whole worlds of fun with Imaginext sets like theFisher-Price Imaginext Eagle Talon Castle,Fisher-Price Imaginext Sky Racers CarrierandFisher price Imaginext Black and Red Pirate Ship with 2 Figures--all toys my son still pulls out regularly--the most recent Imaginext sets we've bought or received have just not elicited that same high quality, big imagination-driven play drive.More shells and less distinctive vehicles or play spaces, this set, sadly, falls into that category, even with my space-obssesed son. While he was excited at first and there are few cool sound effects, the more unique play features don't actually work that well--the elevator gets stuck, the spinning wheel doesn't work with the included astronaut figure standing straight up, etc.--and the rest of the set is very ho-hum, with little to do.TheFisher-Price Imaginext Space Shuttle and Tower, another set we have, is far more interesting, and entertaining and, in fact, my son quickly abandoned this ""explorer"" to play with that toy instead."
I'm prone to space toys.  This toy appears to be durable.  I will revise that opinion if need be when I have done a true test with a four year old.  It has the requisite flashing light and voices.  The space man has two spots that he can control different features.  Imagination will be crucial to maximize the play time with this toy.  I may be living in the past but it seems like pricing could be about 20% less for the value I perceived.  It should provide some fun times but I would surmise the 3-8 year old age spread should be decreased to perhaps 3-5 year old.
