Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
This is a cheesy, cheap toy through and through.  It took a great deal of patience to assemble - which seems unnecessary given it's price, size, and the age group it's geared toward entertaining.  After it was assembled, my boys loved it for about 30 minutes, then became frustrated by it, and haven't touched it since.  It doesn't really do much that's entertaining when it works properly, but when it doesn't work (which was the case about 70% of the time my boys used it), it's enormously frustrating (for the child and adult).  They needed adult intervention to get the contraption to work properly in most instance.  I would pass on this one.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.046604495495557785,0.04575761407613754,0.04651636630296707,0.0480743870139122,0.04741979390382767,0.04809611290693283,0.04761555418372154,0.04717211797833443,0.04802274703979492,0.04886229336261749,0.048601534217596054,0.04619070887565613,0.04796364903450012,0.04485189914703369,0.050337132066488266,0.04635075107216835,0.04871109127998352,0.04910841956734657,0.04752286523580551,0.04835648089647293,0.047864027321338654
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
First off, be prepared to assemble it.  This is not a toy you can whip out of the box and instantly play with (though my son had a great time zooming the truck through the kitchen while I puzzled over the supports).  Once assembled (whew!) my son had fun flying the truck off the bridge and into the crocodile. There are some neat moving parts, like the elevator staircase, but once we'd spent about an hour playing with it, my kids weren't too excited to play with it again.  I think it's clever marketing that these sets are link-able, but at the same time, the stand alone set didn't seem to hold attention for long.  A three year old truck lover would probably have much more fun with it and enjoy it for longer than kids at the older end of the scale.  It's recommended for up to ten years old, but I can't picture it holding attention for more than a few minutes with a ten year old.
The Matchbox Croc Escape set is a track that you put together and comes with a Matchbox off-road toy truck (looks like a little mudding truck). As the truck starts out on the track, it goes across a small bridge that's designed purposely to be wobbly. As though it was a rickety old bridge. Where things get a little complicated is the when you  drive the truck up the ladder. It's pretty hard to keep the little vehicle on this piece of plastic lever you use to lift it up. It falls off often.Next your truck drives down the track and gets snapped up by the green croc head. When this happens, you can the send another car (not included) to the top of this same ramp and when releasing it, it goes down a second path that drives it right over the crocs head, where it looks like it's supposed to then release the first vehicle.It's priced well for what it is, and it gets a bonus star for including a Matchbox truck with the set. Some sets don't cone with any cars. This one does, so it can be an all in one gift if you're buying this for someone. And of course the packaging makes it look like the coolest toy ever, so as soon as my son saw it he couldn't wait to put it together and try it out.  It doesn't always work perfectly, but the kids seem to like it quite a bit.
I got this set for my 5 year old nephew who said, &#34;whoa AWESOME&#34; as soon as he saw it.  I'll be honest, I have no clue how all the pieces work, or fit together.  I do know that it connects with his other MatchBox sets....and most importantly, I don't have to be right there to &#34;fix&#34; it every 5 minutes.  Crocodiles and cars...you can't go wrong.
This set is designed for kids between the ages of three and 10, but don't expect them to assemble it A patient adult is required (but not included). It took awhile to set up - 20 minutes or so - and then, like all such toys I've ordered from the Amazon Vine program (when nothing geared to adults caught my fancy), I gave it to someone who has kids who told me they seemed to enjoy it.What do you get? An elevated track for the cars with which Matchbox made its name, though only one car is included, an alligator whose wide open mouth is a hurdle the driver must try to overcome (unless he wants to be eaten).The alligator has a snapping jaw, and there are stairs and a bridge. There is also a &#34;plot&#34; of sorts in which one car tries to rescue another, but that other car must be purchased seperately.It's not the kind of toy I would have enjoyed when I was a kid, but I was never one for miniature cars and the like. Kids that go for that sort of thing may enjoy it. This set does not seem designed for rough play, though, and its durability will depend on the children playing with it. This is not a good match for the tiny terror that likes to destroy everything.
This was a fun set, my son had a good time playing with it.  At first the crocodile's mouth worked perfectly but my son had a hard time figuring it out, and then after a few days it seemed like neither my husband nor I could get it to work properly.  In the end, he had a lot of fun with this.  It stayed put together, which is always my number one complaint about the car track sets.
I got this thinking it was a Hotwheels car set.  Once I opened it up I realized it was a Matchbox &#34;version.&#34;  While the premise is the same as Hotwheels, the build quality is definitely subpar.  I helped my son to build the set only to learn that you cannot easily dissemble for storage.  The play time is average and once kids are done playing with it there is very little chance for replay.
"Unlike Hot Wheels, Matchbox has tended more to themed adventure play, often including traps or other working pieces like elevators, than pure racing in its playsets, which means it is really aimed at a different sort of child, one who makes up stories and then plays them out.  So before you consider purchasing this or similar Matchbox playsets, you need to be sure the child it is intended for plays that way.Otherwise, he'll get about one day of enjoyment out of it, tops.As is the usual for Mattel playsets of any kind, this one comes with too many stickers that are probably going to be too difficult for your child to apply so it might be worth the effort to apply them yourself before you give it to your child.  Just be sure you have about an hour to devote to it, and if, like mine, your child safe vocabulary is a work in progress, you might want to do it out of earshot of your darling voice recorders!  Fortunately, once the stickers were in place, assembly was, quite literally a ""snap"".Contrary to the experience of some reviewers, I found the stair climber and the croc head easy to use and reset, thanks in part to the excellent instructions, which point out the sequence of operation.  Once assembled it isn't really designed to come apart except for the rocking bridge.  You could use a screwdriver to force it, but it's best to leave the central part assembled for storage.  There are lots of tongue and groove attachment points for Hot Wheels style track and Matchbox playsets should you wish to assemble something larger.All things considered, a nice playset for the right sort of child."
The box says 15 minutes to assemble; I may have gotten the stickers done in that time.The instructions are black & white illustrations that do not have much detail and I did not find assembly to be quick or simple.One car is included; the &#34;To Play&#34; instructions step 5 says, &#34;Second car (sold separately) goes to the rescue.&#34;Once assembled it is stable but will not come apart easily, you will need an area about 4' x 1' to store it.The croc trap isn't easy to reset.The &#34;switch&#34; is the eye; it took several tries to figure that one out.My grandson (Five) enjoyed helping me put it together and played with it for about half an hour.He isn't destructive or intentionally rough but I cautioned him several times, as he played.This will connect to other unnamed play sets.For the price it isn't an unreasonable toy
This product has a cool crocodile theme.  It was not too hard to assemble; one of the stickers was backwards.  My 4-year-old boy enjoyed putting it together and playing with it for about 15-30 minutes.  It works pretty well.  The elevator up the stairs works fine; sometimes the truck falls off.  The jaw catching action worked almost every time if it was properly reset.  The croc release button did not work every time, but enough so as not to be frustrating.He has played with it a couple of times since the initial build, but it is not something that will occupy him for very long on a regular basis. We will put this away and get it out with other Hot Wheels and Matchbox toys every once in a while.  It will probably be more enjoyable in conjunction with other play sets, not as a standalone piece.
I have two boys who love playing with their Matchbox cars. This playset was fairly easy to set up, and it makes for a fun play area for the cars. The kids enjoyed the alligator and had some imaginative play with the cars being &#34;eaten.&#34; There are stairs and a bridge that also add to the playscape. It's your typical matchbox course and I feel as though the kids enjoy it.
We received the package with Matchbox Croc Escape game and found it bright and colorful.  Our child (a six year girl) was excited when she saw it.  The front panel showed a Crocodile biting a truck as the truck transversed an off-road track.  Cool stuff indeed.The picture on the front showed &#34;five&#34; different trucks driving the course.  The packaging did clearly state that the package only contained one truck (I'll get to that problem later).  But for a six year old the picture gave a false anticipation.  Our six year olds comment upon opening the box was &#34;Only one truck?&#34;!  Sort of a downer for her.But I must say that the big green crock head relit her enthusiasm almost immediately.  Putting the parts together was easy.  There were not many parts and where they fit together needed little instruction.  Which was good because the instructions are a study in minimalism.  A total of seven picture graphs, in gray and white, was the total assembly manual.  But that is all that was really needed.After we put everything together the play set worked perfectly, if a little clumsily.  Being constructed of plastic some of the moving parts had to be held down while playing with them.  But I must say that was a tiny nuisance and our child didn't mind at all.The biggest problem is that the set comes with ONE truck.  Clearly stated on the box.  But, and this is a big &#34;but&#34;, it actually takes two truck to play the game.  One truck to get &#34;trapped&#34; by the croc's mouth and the second truck to &#34;free&#34; the first truck and get away with the gold.  It is unplayable with only one truck.Now, let's be real, almost all kids will have a slue of Matchbox or Hot Wheels already in their arsenal.  Our daughter certainly did.  And her Hot Wheels worked perfectly fine.  But I can see somebody getting it and being sorely disappointed if they do not have additional cars/trucks.The play of the game is straight forward.  Ride the course, get trapped by the croc, second car takes a different path down the hill and frees his buddy (and collects the gold).  There is a lot of potential expandability with the set for it claims that it fits into additional Hot Wheel and Matchbox tracks.  We didn't have any expansion sets, but the potential is there.What I saw during the play was the sense of wonder the set lit in her imagination.  All of a sudden the track became a ride at an Amusement Park and the cars were lining up in the ride's queue.  Then a second ride was added to the pretend Amusement Park (a slide), then a third ride.  This was wonderful --- as now the complexity of the &#34;game&#34; was stretching our daughter's creativity.I think this set is worth the twenty dollar price tag, especially if the child has additional Matchbox toys.  It's repeat play is child dependent.  But our child really like it.  A lot.
There are few things my four-year-old son would rather play with than die cast cars, be they Matchbox cars or Hot Wheels cars.  I selected this Croc Escape play set for him because it looked relatively simple and fun to play with.  Putting it together certainly isn&#8217;t simple and definitely requires an adult.  There are lots of parts and even more stickers to put on said parts.  The toy itself, once assembled, looks fantastic, but it&#8217;s probably not made of the most durable plastic out there; I&#8217;m not sure about its longevity.  Some of the features like climbing the stairs and freeing the trapped vehicle don&#8217;t always work perfectly, but my son mostly likes to drive his little car around manually, so it&#8217;s still a fun track for him to play with.  I love that it can connect to not only other Matchbox play sets but also Hot Wheels play sets.  It does only comes with one truck, which isn&#8217;t a problem for us because we have an abundance of die cast vehicles, but it might be a problem for some.  All in all, while it&#8217;s not a perfect toy, it&#8217;s certainly colorful and fun enough to keep my little guy entertained.
Croc mission sets up easy enough after you follow the instructions and apply the stickers.  The diagrams don't do a great job of showing how the jaw action work with two cars and the set only comes with one Baja style 4x4.  The car is cool and once you figure out how to set the Croc's jaws and release him with another vehicle the action is fun to repeat.  My five year old daughter had great fun going over the bridge and up the bumpy trail car elevator.  She needs a little help setting the jaws each time but that is what big brothers and dads are for.  Very fun Matchbox product good design and concept overall we played with this for a couple days straight experimenting with old Hot Wheels etc.
We are big fans of Matchbox cars in our house (my son is 3), but we have to say that the Matchbox Mission series is a bit of a disappointment.  Not that it doesn't do what it says - this set, for example, gives you the chance to avoid a giant crocodile.  Unfortunately, that is where the story ends with this playset, which means that it's a one-note toy that is not very flexible or conducive to extended playing.The layout of the toy is functional - a steep ramp shoots an excellently-crafted pick up through the snapping jaws of a giant crocodile head.  But the ramp does not do anything else - you can't pivot it away from the crocodile.  And to get on the ramp the truck  needs to climb a very odd stone staircase . . . and there is no explanation as to why the truck needs to do that.Kudos to Matchbox for creating a smoothly functioning toy, but there is no real story behind this toy to sustain interest for very long.
This is a cheesy, cheap toy through and through.  It took a great deal of patience to assemble - which seems unnecessary given it's price, size, and the age group it's geared toward entertaining.  After it was assembled, my boys loved it for about 30 minutes, then became frustrated by it, and haven't touched it since.  It doesn't really do much that's entertaining when it works properly, but when it doesn't work (which was the case about 70% of the time my boys used it), it's enormously frustrating (for the child and adult).  They needed adult intervention to get the contraption to work properly in most instance.  I would pass on this one.
My 4 year old loves the Matchbox Mission: Croc Escape Playset. He loves to hook it up with his other matchbox play sets and see how big and far he can get his cars. He plays with it for hours on end. Highly recommended!
I ordered this toy for my nephew for his third birthday. He loves cars and crocodiles and was super excited to see the box. The assembly, however, was a little more in-depth than we expected. It took my brother at least 20 minutes to put together. My nephew was eager to start playing with it right away. He enjoyed it, but it was a little tricky to get the crocodile to work. My nephew has plenty of little cars, so he incorporated them into his imaginative play. (The set only comes with one car). My concern is that the track doesn't seem too durable. The playset did keep his attention for about 15 minutes, and then he went on to play with another gift. Of course this is expected on birthdays.
"We got this and the similarly-themed and pricedHot Wheels Color Shifters Sharkport Showdown Trackset, both via Amazon Vine, on the same day. My six-year-old car fanatic was eager to test both out.Like the Hot Wheels, this Matchbox track took about 15-20 minutes for a parent to assemble, unlike the Hot Wheels version, the Matchbox seemed more flimsy when together and took up more floor space. Neither could be easily disassembled for storage, other than removal of a few extraneous elements.While this one, thankfully, lacked any water elements and came with a solid, fairly cool (in my son's words ""totally awesome"") die cast off-road style truck that fit the theme, it fell short on other elements, including having a shorter track, much of which didn't really work as advertised. The ""climb the stairs"" portion was extremely hit or miss, not even I, a mom, could get it to work reliably, so I'm guessing a 4-7 year old, this set's target demographic, has little or no change of having that happen. The plastic piece get popping off, or the car just fell off the platform. So, fail, there.The crocodile chomp function was cool, when it worked, and while it was more reliable than the stairs, the popping closed element failed as often as it succeeded, often having to be manually done. The rocking bridge was dubbed ""kinda' cool"" by my son, but it doesn't really connect to the rest of the set, therefore making it a quickly discarded element.In short, he only really played with this for about 15 minutes, so not a great value and not something he's asked to play with since."
This set up easily and it looks like it will be fun to play with, but there really isn't much going on here.  I suppose if a kid had several different car playsets, it would break up the monotony of this by itself.  It's okay but not great.  This track seems like it will last if care is taken but the way it hangs out, I am afraid of it getting broken if play gets a little rough.Overall, not bad for the price, but I think there are better car playsets.
Wow, this is really one of the worst toys ever, and I feel I am pretty easygoing and forgiving when it comes to toy ratings. Talk about a pointless toy. You put the car on the &#34;stairs&#34; and then push it up to the top and let it go down where a big alligator chomps down on the car which the car tries to knock a piece of &#34;gold&#34; out of the alligator's mouth.Except all that part about the alligator? It doesn't work. Sure, if you manage to hit it just right, maybe it kind of grabs the car, and you're supposed to send another car (not included) to the rescue. That car hits the alligator in the eye to kind of reset the whole thing.If it worked and did something cool, that would be one thing. But it doesn't work the way it's supposed to very often, and what it doesn't isn't cool, it's just kind of pointless.Move along, move along -- there's nothing to see here.
"This is another play set using the Matchbox size cars.  It works fine with the included car.  I currently do not have any Hotwheel or other competing cars in the Matchbox size to test with the set.  I will have more availability in a month or so and if I find any incompatibility I will come back and add to this post.  I am aware that due to the configuration some vehicles won't work but I think compatibility is important in these toys.The set is reasonably sturdy.  As in any toy, the exuberance of the child will have a major bearing on durability.  I think the addition of some of the other sets to increase the complexity and play value would be a good idea.  Overall this seems like a fun toy.Update, after disassembling, I presented a 5 year old with the toy. He liked putting on the stickers (I hate that part). He loved the alligator mouth and the chomping of the car.  He was dismayed over the box showing several cars and only one car was included.  He has some difficulty assembling and I don't think this could be assembled by even a talented kid.  He said, ""it's fun."""
