Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
My 6 year old daughter loves this thing.  She plays with it constantly.  Pretending that she is Sofia or even inviting other Disney princess'.  What's funny is that my 9 year old son, who hates everything princess, also has been found playing with my daughter and this toy.  He won't admit that he likes the set, but he does admit that he wanted someone to play with and it might as well be his sister.  LOL

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.03706100210547447,0.03611917793750763,0.03768806904554367,0.0373045988380909,0.03369157761335373,0.0369277223944664,0.03634195402264595,0.036726273596286774,0.037238266319036484,0.03480937331914902,0.038888003677129745,0.03945805877447128,0.03757533058524132,0.03790273144841194,0.03574268892407417,0.03708992525935173,0.03598223626613617,0.036597274243831635,0.03642318397760391,0.03785497695207596,0.03642630949616432,0.03650810942053795,0.03929511457681656,0.03639554604887962,0.035870667546987534,0.039201218634843826,0.038880638778209686
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
My 3 year old daughter LOVES everything Sofia the First. Mattel is also a well known brand in my household. I will admit though I own a toy boat by them, forget the name, but it fell apart in pieces and has been sitting in a closet ever since.When I received this I already read the poor reviews. When I started putting it together I was shocked at how small it was. Trying to get the parts to &#8216;snap&#8217; in place, wow, they either was so loose they fell out or so hard to line up they bent the top part of the castle on both sides. I built it in front of my child and was trying to show enthusiasm but it was hard.Once it was built she was ready to play and could not wait to get it hands on it. All night all I heard every few minutes from my daughter was, &#8220;It fell apart again!&#8221; I kept trying to fix it.After playing with it one evening, I placed it in her toy room. I have had it for weeks and she has only asked to play with it three times total. Each time she is not that entertained and moves on to another toy.As a fan of Sofia myself, I can&#8217;t endorse this toy. It basically just takes up space in my house right now. Not much space though since it is so small.Save yourself the headache and pick up another Sofia toy. This one is cheap and too flimsy.
My toddler enjoyed playing with this. The set up was simple enough and there aren't many small parts but be careful when letting your little one play with it. She can sit there for hours just playing and it gives me a break. If your little one is a Sofia fan then this is the toy for them.
Okay so I consider myself a relatively smart person.  I should be able to assemble a child's toy in a reasonable amount of time.  After all, it doesn't say it needs power tools or anything.  Yeah...no.  Even with the instructions, it was half snapped together after 20 min, mostly because I was afraid of breaking it by pressing hard enough to snap it together.  Even though it is super hard to snap IN, apparently it is NOT as hard to unsnap it and disassemble.  I'm REALLY not liking this no tools assembly thing that some toys are moving towards.  The toys DO NOT stay together under normal wear and tear from small children.  I'd rather get the tools out and spend 5 extra minutes putting in a few screws than the numerous times I've had to snap this plastic thing back together.  That being said, when it is assembled, my daughter LOVES it and Loves playing with it.
I guess as a dad, I was a little disappointed that it is &#34;not intended for use with water.&#34; My wife probably appreciates that, though.  My daughter loves Sofia and likes the castle.  As far as the quality of the product goes, it's just about typical for imported toys.  If your daughter likes Sofia, this is definitely worth getting, but don't expect it to be an heirloom.The only thing I would really caution about is that the box photo shows several other characters (Princess Amber, Prince James and Clover the Rabbit).  They are not included in this playset.
This is an okay playset. It's nice that it's Sophia, a very popular character. It has her as a mermaid, which is cute, and features both the castle and the underwater part. The thing is my kids just haven't played with it that much, and they love Sophia. There just isn't really that much to it. It's very small... can only really be used with the small characters, and even with them there's not a lot of room to do anything. The other thing is that it seems to be very cheaply made. It is pretty thin plastic, and I honestly do not see this lasting long. Sophia is a character that appeals to very young kids, and I think something for that would have to be sturdier to really last. With all the playsets that are larger, have more to them and are better put together I might consider something else.
My girls love anything Disney. They love the music, the characters, the soundtrack, and most anything else that carries the Disney label. So, when I brought this toy into the home, I felt like my girls were going to like it and enjoy it about as much as any other. They like the Sofia character and I felt fairly confident they would take quickly to any toy featuring her likeness.Out of the box, this toy requires some assembly. It isn&#8217;t too difficult, but there was one piece that would not snap into place no matter how hard I tried. I finally gave up and left the way it is. The manufacturer could have already assembled some of the pieces, but chose not to.Once put together, the toy was ready for play. It is made entirely of plastic and looks nice enough, but I did notice that it isn&#8217;t very sturdy. The height and lightweight design make it easy to knock over. On the good side, the Sofia character is cute and the toy seemed like it might have enough going for it to score a hit with my girls. Unfortunately, they just don&#8217;t seem to find this toy all that exciting. I don&#8217;t know if it&#8217;s the lack of bells and whistles or the fact that they already have so many better Disney toys. Whatever the reason, they seemed to lose interest in this toy very quickly.My girls like Disney- themed toys very much, but some toys are certainly better than others and this isn&#8217;t one of them. It isn&#8217;t a bad toy, but its design, lack of sturdiness and absence of a wow factor make it very ordinary overall and worthy of only an average rating at best.
It was a little difficult to assemble, even with the help of my engineering cousin. My daughter loved it once it was together. It's easy to take the top from the bottom, but my daughter needs help taking it back down. It only comes with one character, Sophie, by the way. It's a good size and has several areas to play with, would be even better if it came with extra characters.
We took this to the pool and set it up on a table on the shallow sun shelf.  The girls love playing with it there but I had to buy another piece from the set so that they could share.  For $30 it should have come with at least three characters.The toy is attractive, waterproof, and fairly sturdy.  The kids know how to pop it back into place if get disassembled. It's overpriced so wait for a sale.
My 6 year old loves this toy!  Her name is Sofia so I think she wants every Sofia the first toy ever made.  This one however much fun she has is in my opinion not worth $30.  Its a bit flimsy and small.  So fun factor for my daughter is 5 stars but value is one 3 stars.
I love the Sofia the First cartoon, but the products seem to always let me down.  Here are a few things I observed about this set.-The packaging is ridiculously large for what it is.  The box could have been much smaller or (my preference) more pieces could have been put together before being placed in the box.-While there's not a ton of pieces in this set, they aren't very easy to put together.  The instructions were okay, but for those going by the box, some of the pieces on the finished product (namely the ship wheel 'floor') are different than the prototype image.-The Sofia character is cute.  She has fins, but comes with a skirt so she can play regular Sofia.-There is a super small piece on this set (a horses head), which surprised me, as this is 3 and up.-The 'underwater' reveal doesn't work.  It's too hard to easily make the water transform into a play area.  I just left it as an underwater playground.I'm not impressed with this set, but, as I mentioned, I haven't been impressed with anything but the cartoon, as of yet.
Personally, I have no idea who Sophia the First is.  If I had not seen the Disney name in the product title, I would have thought she would have been an obscure Queen of a distant land who ruled centuries ago.  However, the kids knew exactly who she is and evidently, my three girls are big fans.  Despite my lack of knowledge, I assembled the playset and turned it over to my three daughters to use and abuse.I was put in charge of assembling the playset.  It seems a lot of people got through assembly without an issue.  Personally, I ran into problems with assembly right away.  I tried to be careful when putting the pieces together as they looked like they would be a bit of a chore to take apart again if I did it wrong.  I checked the orientation in the drawing and one heck of a time snapping one of the first pieces into place (I do not recall exactly which piece).  Long story short, in my opinion, the drawing was backward for that piece.  After 15 minutes of fighting it, I reversed the piece and it snapped right in.  Besides that piece where I think the diagram was wrong, the rest of it was not terrible to put together.I then turned the playset over to my kids for them to play with.  Almost immediately, I was informed that Sophia could not play by herself, so off I went to buy the rest of the family from a local store.Once they had a full cast of two adults and three kids to play with (no idea who is who, sorry), my daughters put the set through its paces and after about a month, I asked them for their thoughts.  Here is what I was told:8 year old:  Rated the set 3.5 stars.  She was quite annoyed that the set came with only 1 person and informed me the set should have came with more people.  The set was fun to play with, but it was hard for her to move the castle between the up and down positions.10 year old:  Rated the set 2 stars.  She thought the playset should be designed so that it had more room.  She found the areas in the playset where the figures go to be a bit small.  She also commented that the door to the blue slide in the back was hard to open6 year old:  Rated 1.5 starts out of 5.  She also commented on the lack of people the playset came with.  She also made a comment about Sophia&#8217;s dress that all my daughters agreed on very quickly.Once the point came up, my daughters were very disappointed in Sophia&#8217;s dress.  They gave me several comments on the dress.  I thought I would take a look at this further as they all agreed on this being a bad point of the set.I found Sophia hanging with Polly Pocket and quickly clamped the dress on her.  As my girls indicated to me, the dress was a poor fit.  You can clamp the dress on the figure and spin it completely around.  The figure does wiggle and clatter in the dress.  The dress does not seem to clamp very firmly and falls off if the figure is dropped about 1 foot onto a hardwood floor.  The dress is hinged on the outside and with all the extra room on the inside, I have to ask, &#8220;Why?&#8221;  The dress is a minor point, but it is one thing all my girls did not like.As far as my impression of the item, I think the playset is a bit unstable and does have a bit of a cheap feel to it.  I do think the design is poorly thought out as it is difficult for children to move the castle up and down.  I do agree with my oldest daughters assessment that the area for the figures is a bit small.  If I paid $20 for the set, I would not have been disappointed.  It definitely is a gift that I would not be embarrassed to show up to a birthday party with.  That being said, I think it is a 3 star product.  Averaging all 4 of our ratings together, our family gives the set 2.5 stars out of 5 (which I will round up to 3).
My 6 year old daughter loves this thing.  She plays with it constantly.  Pretending that she is Sofia or even inviting other Disney princess'.  What's funny is that my 9 year old son, who hates everything princess, also has been found playing with my daughter and this toy.  He won't admit that he likes the set, but he does admit that he wanted someone to play with and it might as well be his sister.  LOL
My two daughters absolutely love this toy, mainly because it is from one of their favorite episodes of one of their favorite TV shows.  The toy requires some assembly, but no tools.  It takes about 5 minutes.  The plastic pieces feel a bit cheap, but kids won't care and they haven't managed to do any damage to it yet.  The floating castle can rise up over the fake water or sit right on top, but I think it is hard for kids in the target audience (3-5 years old) to do this by themselves.The only figurine included is Sofia, but she does have a dress that snaps on so she can go from being a mermaid to being her normal human self.  Since this toy is not too pricey, I guess I can forgive the exclusion of other figurines, but it would have been nice to have at least included clover or some of the characters that were featured specifically in this episode.  Luckily we had some Sofia figurines already that were almost the right size.
My girls are fans of Sofia The First on Disney channel, so they begged me to get this. I'm not a big fan of these types of play sets because they are made cheaply and are a pain to assemble. This one was no different. It has, however stayed together.Like most toys of this ilk, it is not fun to put together. The plastic is flexible and snapping together parts can be a challenge.My girls really like this, though, and have played with it a lot. They like turning Sofia into a mermaid.
My girls enjoy the mermaid figure and have gotten some good play out of this set because it is the same scale as the other little Disney princess dolls they have. It is very cheaply made, though, and doesn't stay put together very well. It doesn't come with other characters or anything so the stand-alone play value is pretty limited.
Typical flimsy plastic playset. Smaller than I expected too. None of these playsets are ever that great, but this one in particular was more disappointing than most. They couldn't have included another character? Something else for Sophia to do in her palace? This is a one day of play (if that) toy. Waste of money.
This play set is a lot of fun. It's very simple to put together. My children were able to do it on their own. It will provide hours of tub time fun for your Sophia fan!  The box is misleading. it seems like there are more dolls inside but Sophia is the only one that comes with the set, just be prepared for that little element of surprise!
I got this for my 4 year old who loves Sophia.  I needs a little assembly, but nothing huge.  The plastic is pretty thin/flimsy.  It's also a bit of a bummer that it comes with only Sophia.  The top lifts up to reveal the &#34;swimming&#34; part in the bottom where Sophia sits.  It also folds nicely.  Overall, it's ok, but my daughter got bored with it after about 15 minutes.
The play set is a two-in-one design that starts out as a floating castle, sort of like a house boat. But when you slide down the base it creates an underwater cove as well.  The set comes complete with a table and chairs, tire swing, and more.  It also includes a Sofia action figure that magically morphs from a princess to a mermaid by simply removing her skirt. Assembly was simple and minimal.  The pieces are sturdy and well made.I think this is the perfect set for younger children. The pieces are big enough that they won't get lost easily and since there are only a few that aren't permanently attached, it doesn't take long to set up.  My daughter loves the castle and will play with it for hours a t time. It's a must have for any Sofia fans.
First Mom's Point of view:This is a relatively small castle of cheap, very bendable plastic.  Assembly is a bear!  This is another one of those things where they think people prefer to assemble using rather unappealing diagrams instead of words.  While I'm aware that they do this so that they don't have to print instructions in different languages, words would have helped.  Although no batteries or tools are required, this snap together castle was very hard to, well, snap together.In fact, I've put one of the towers on three times.  It keeps popping off!The castle (or as the house munchkin has corrected me - the Floating Palace) is nicely detailed.  My daughter particularly likes the underwater hidden pool.  She finds this a lot of fun.*-*-*-*-*-*The Opinion of the house Munchkin:Although Sofia has been replaced in my daughter's heart by Sheriff Callie (and for some reason Michelangelo from the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles), my daughter loves this palace.  She's been playing with it non-stop.  Her favorite part is the hidden pool, but finds the rest a lot of fun too.She was highly amused by my mutterings as I assembled it.She has two messages for the manufacturer:1)  Sofia's head has popped off five times.  This is annoying.2)  It is 'not fair' that the toy doesn't come with Clover since he is on the box.  She wishes that toymakers would stop fooling kids into thinking they are getting more than they really are.Overall Rating:The munchkin wanted to give this four stars.  Her mother wanted two.  We've settled on three stars together.
I did find it a bit difficult to put together and the directions could be more clear. But once it was put together, my daughter loves playing with it.  Once it is put together, it is durable and can put up with how rough my daughter can be with her toys.
The castle was difficult to remove from the packaging and difficult to snap together. My husband had to put it together, because I couldn't even get it together. The plastic is very lightweight and not sturdy. There are many very small lightweight plastic pieces, not good if you have small children or animals in the house. Great toy for a short time, but it won't last to long.
If you have a little girl who loves Sofia, this will be a hit. We had three of them enjoying it yesterday, playing together to reenact the scenes from that mermaid episode.  You will need to have a set of the Sofia family members though or some other small figures.  Only Sofia (princess/mermaid) is included.  It was easy  to put together and seems reasonably sturdy. Clover not being in the box while being on the box picture is very annoying to children, by the way.  Luckily we had him from another set.
This set is very cute - our daughter loves it especially the under-the-sea attachment. It definitely has appeal for young girls but unfortunately it is not very well made. Some parts of the plastic are flimsy and I fear it will break soon enough. I wish Disney would make higher quality toys since they market them so well.
"Sofia is a great Diseny Junior television series about a very nice and gracious little girl who becomes a princess.  It allows my 3 year old daughter to learn ways to deal with difficult or challenging real-life situations.  The Floating Palace episode first aired in November of 2013.  My children (5 year old boy and 3 year old girl) don't watch Sofia normally - they've seen only a few episodes - but when they saw the previews for this special edition of Sofia, they had me record it.  And since then, they've watched it so many times that they know most of the words to a cute song in the episode called ""Merroway Cove.""So when I saw this toy, I was so happy.  My daughter has acted out Sofia and her mermaid friend Oona, and has even put things in her hair and said, ""don't steal my comb, sea monster!"" like in the show.  Sofia and her family arrive in beautiful Merroway Cove for vacation, and Sofia is reading a book about mermaids. She and Clover (her little bunny friend that she can talk to thanks to her magical Amulet of Avalor) see Oona the mermaid checking out the floating palace. Oona hurts her tail and when she tries to help her, Sofia finds that her amulet transforms her into a mermaid.  Sofia meets Oona's mother, Queen Emmaline, and finds that the merfolk fear humans enough that they actively plan to try and destroy the floating palace.Meanwhile, Cedric turns himself into a sea monster and goes after Oona to steal her magic hair comb.  Sofia does all she can to try to save the kidnapped Oona (and thus save her family from Oona's mother), and gets some assistance (and a song) from Ariel.  One of the overall lessons in the story is that Sofia's family doesn't believe her, and Sofia has be be resourceful to surmount her challenges.  In the end, she saves Oona with her sister Cora's help, which results in Sofia's family meeting all of the merfolk.The episode has so many things in it that my daughter has already re-enacted now that she has this very cute First Vacation Playset.  The playset has to be assembled by snapping all the pieces together. Some are very easy and some are challenging to the point where I gave it to my husband to do.The 'water' portion is collapsible. It looks like the palace is amidst waves when collapsed and when popped up, there is a 'water' slide and captain's wheel on the lower water level.The palace has good detail and includes stairs, which my daughter is fascinated with (we built a Lego Death Star and she spends a ton of time just having Luke or Leia climbing around the Death Star).  There is a table and chairs on the bottom palace level and stairs up to the top landing and a captain's wheel.  The lattice door on the first floor opens and there is a gate at the back that opens right above the slide.  Lots of good detail and playability.  As a side note, the design is understandably a bit different from the floating palace in the TV episode.  It is compact to the extent that my daughter can't really get Sofia up the steep stairs when she has her wide skirt on.It comes with a small Sofia, and her skirt snaps open to reveal a mermaid tail.  My daughter LOVED her.  I only wish this set came with Oona since she likes acting out things between Sofia and Oona.  There is a little clamshell on the 'sea floor' that lifts up that has a picture of Oona on it.This set is very tall, though it did seem a little bigger in the video. Like other toys with similar setups (plastic sets, slides), it's pricey.  It's very similar to Ariel sets we have purchased that are made speficially for the bathtub.  However, it has good detail and different interactive elements (including a life preserver swing).My 5 year old thought it was a great set too.  He usually has a ""this is a girl's toy"" attitude about his sister's toys, but he played with this and was encouraged by how much my daughter loved it.  I do find it a little gender-overkill to have the product listing have 7 instances of saying ""girls"" will enjoy this toy and zero instances of ""boys"", but that's typical strict gender differentiation these days.We had a few snap-together challenges and it's hard to sit Sofia on the chairs (she bends in half to sit but falls over easily), otherwise I'd give it a 5 since my kids love it."
This item is certainly cute (adorable actually) and could be tons of fun for the right target audience (younger children -- though not too young, since there are small items that would definitely be a choking hazard) but it is also flimsy and unless you catch it with a reduced price it is likely more spendy than it should be given the value that would be delivered.To me this one doesn't yet have the appeal that would make it a must purchase for any family.  It is, again, cute but it doesn't feature a character that seems that desirable or demand worthy.  I could be way off the mark there though as I'm an older male and wouldn't be someone you might normally find in the target audience/customer base.  (I am an admitted Disney collector, and do have younger nieces/nephews that would possibly enjoy playing with toys like this, as well as grandkids that might like Disney toys, so I'm not that far out of the market for this sort of thing.)  Basically, what I'm saying here is that if this had say Ariel or another of the more well known Disney movie princesses, it might offer the added appeal to encourage paying a bit of a premium, but I just don't see that here.In the end, this is an item I find tough to recommend though I could see where some customers would be perfectly happy with it (for as long as it holds up to play with).
Apparently this Auntie is the bomb for getting a certain 6 year old niece this Sofia the First Vacation Playset. My niece is an avid Sofia the First fan so anything that remotely smacks of Sofia is a must have. The castle isn't a whole unit, the back side is open so little hands can really get into the play. It lifts up to drop down the &#34;water&#34; play area complete with a merry-go-round in the form of a ship's wheel.  This playset only comes with Sofia (who is stuck as a mermaid except when you clip her dress on). Of course, this means I'll have pieces to purchase to make it full set, but I'm okay with that. The playset isn't too terribly sturdy but it isn't cheaply made either. It's exactly what I've come to expect from all playsets lately - not made to last forever. Price-wise, you are paying for the Disney name. If I was to guess the value, I'd say right around $15 which is much less than the current $28 price tag. That being said, the joy that it brought my niece was well worth it. The price makes me go with four stars. If I was going simply off my niece's enthusiasm, it would easily earn 5 stars.PLEASE NOTE: To purchase this castle, the family set ($22.99) and the animals (prices vary) will put you well over $60. Something to consider when making the purchase.
