Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
This is a nice little dollhouse.  It has nice sound effects that do not get annoying, and importantly can be turned off.  The top opens for easy storage.However, since this is a small dollhouse, my daughter seems to get bored with it very quickly.  She has another dollhouse that opens up from the side, instead of from the top, that she likes much better.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.0449034757912159,0.04691704362630844,0.04551813378930092,0.045966435223817825,0.04462256282567978,0.04504125937819481,0.04293859377503395,0.04648348689079285,0.045339807868003845,0.04497017711400986,0.044426556676626205,0.04604898765683174,0.044533148407936096,0.04579789936542511,0.04493426904082298,0.04904522746801376,0.04585794359445572,0.044908247888088226,0.04662499204277992,0.04616263136267662,0.0440547876060009,0.04490431770682335
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
This toy has been a big hit with our youngest kid. There are lots of things to play with and the dog and frog make pretty good stand alone toys. The music is also fun and has enough variation to not drive parents completely crazy.  For babies that are 6-12 months, the little bells and whistles like the spinning wheel and the light switch are pretty engaging. But the really nice thing about this toy is that even toddlers can use it for pretend play (either in the house itself or with the animals on their own), so it should have some staying power. I feel pretty confident that our son will still want to play with this when he's older. Even our 3 year old likes to play with it from time to time!
This is a delightful little toy and I wish I had gotten it for my daughter months ago!  This Puppy's Activity Home should easily entertain babies 6 months old and up through toddler hood.First of all, the house opens and closes by lifting the back of the roof.  Little ones like opening and closing things so that is appealing, and baby can also put the cute little dog and frog figurines in and out of the house through the side window.  The figurines also make rattling sounds when baby shakes them, and they are easy for little hands to hold on to.The house makes so many sounds that my daughter played with it for at least a week before we heard all the things it says.  There's a learning mode and a music mode, and there's also two levels of volume.Right now my daughter is intrigued by the light switch - she flips the switch and the porch light goes on and off.  It also says &#34;On&#34; and &#34;Off&#34;.  When the door is opened or closed you might hear things like &#34;open&#34; and &#34;close&#34; but you will also hear the sound of a door creaking, or maybe even a welcome song.  There's a sign above the door that plays the ABC song and a counting song.  The window opens and closes and says &#34;Peekaboo!&#34;  There are other things that spin and rattle that your little one will have fun discovering.If you feel that the two figurines aren't enough, you little one could also use this house with the Little People figurines - they are a little small for this house but I think they would work nicely.I think this toy is adorable, and it's a great combination of playtime, education, and motor skill development for little ones.  It seems rather sturdy and well made.  Highly recommended.
Lots of fun, the best part is that it has 3 modes so that a child won't get too bored of it as quickly as if it had one. My daughter however wouldn't let me change the setting :) she loved the little figurines that came with it.
We are already fans of Puppy, thanks to the live-saving FREE Fisher-Price apps. Many of these apps feature Puppy and the gang, so my daughter was already familiar with the voices for this toy, as they are the same voices that are prominently featured on the free apps. While my daughter doesn&#8217;t seem to care one bit about Puppy and Froggie, she is mesmerized by the house. I love the fact that the house has three modes, so when I get tired of hearing the same songs and phrases from one mode, I can just switch to another mode and there are a whole new set of songs to drive me crazy. (Just kidding; as far as kids toys go, this one is not too bad.)My daughter can turn off lights easily (downward motion) put can&#8217;t turn them on consistently. She is very good, however, at turning the light switch on and off on the house, so I hope this will help her with figuring out a real light switch. We love Puppy, Froggie and all of the Fisher-Price gang! I do wish that Lil&#8217; Sis was featured on the house somewhere.
Both the 4 year old and the 8 month old who have played with this were very entertained by the Fisher-Price Laugh and Learn Puppy's Activity Home.  The 4 year old preferred the learning activities, while the 8 month old liked the assorted music and songs and the frog and puppy figures that rattled.  The quality of this toy is good and I haven't worried about anything breaking off or failing; heck I still have a storage bin of Fisher Price toys in my garage from my childhood (30+ years ago) that still work just fine!  Overall with all the features and the idea that this toy will continue to entertain and teach your child for several years, I think it is money well spent if you are considering buying this for someone.
I have twin two year old girls.  When I opened up the package I wasn&#8217;t too sure they would be that interested.  It&#8217;s small, and there&#8217;s not a whole lot you can do with it.  One of my girls took to it right away.  She likes to play with the light switch and play the old &#8220;fill it up with toys and take them back out again game.&#8221;  She likes that it plays a little music she can bop along with.  My other daughter hasn&#8217;t shown much interest.  She&#8217;s plays with it occasionally, but it doesn&#8217;t get a whole lot of user from her (she&#8217;s generally attracted to more &#8220;advanced&#8221; play than her sister).The build quality is good, and the music and sounds can be set to a reasonable volume.  Based on how my older kids played, I expect to get some reasonable use out of this through about 3 years of age when they&#8217;ll want something bigger they can play dolls with.  So for the price you get a reasonable amount of play if you kid likes it.  If you buy one make sure you keep the receipt so you can return it if your kid isn&#8217;t interested.
My daughter loves these kinds of toys. They makes sounds, play songs, and have moving parts. This one comes with a flip top roof, and inside are two figures - a frog and a dog. They have a small rattle on the inside of them, so they make noise when they move around.The front door opens to put the figurines inside (or go through the roof). There are options for music - ABCs, songs, or &#34;play&#34;. It makes doorbell sounds, counts, sings ABCs, and all other kinds of sounds.It's got a flip switch, a window that goes up and down, and a ball on top that shows either  a sun or a moon.Overall my daughter liked it at first, but lost interest after about a week. Now it sits in the corner collecting dust. Your child may find it more interesting than mine though, as she loses interest quickly.
At first glance, there really isn't too much to this toy and it didn't seem that exciting to me.  However, my kids can't get enough.  My 3 year old had the hardest time waiting for his turn to play with this one, and he played and played and played with it.  I still find random super heroes inside and he loves shoving toys in there.  My 9 month old plays with this several times a day, they never seem to get bored with it.  We are cut throat with toys in this house, I don't have time or space to keep toys that don't earn their space, but this is one that will stay for a long time.  Both boys get a kick out of it.
It is not easy to get crawling little one to stay focused on a toy, it needs to be loud, colorful, intriguing for them to retain their attention for any thing more than a minute. This toy succeeds in multiple aspects. It can be left on a floor for a crawling kid or come near, tap, move, push and not worry about. There are no sharp corners to worry about. Very well executed, safe and functional toy. There are lot of moving parts like doors, bells, barrels for kids to tap around and have fun. Over a nice a cheerful toy. Nothing like a must have, but not many out there that can be better than this.
This little house is very cute and great for older infants and very young toddlers.  Although our young 2 year old, was intrigued at first his interest was short lived.  The house is cute, plays music, and very simple learning (off/on, day/night, open/close, etc).  I would think that the age range would be better at 6-18 months for a typically developing child.  Otherwise it's a cute and not obnoxious toy.
We are so happy with this activity home by Fisher Price! It is so well thought out with activity and sound everywhere. Because you can switch between play, music, and learning modes, the play value triples. Every activity has a different result in every mode. My three and a half year old grandson had fun playing with this, which is going to be a gift for his baby sister for Easter. She will be able to play with it right away in a limited way, but will grow into it. As the three year old had some fun with it too (and he is an advanced learner), I feel the set has great longevity and is an excellent investment. The front door is difficult to snap open and closed. That is the only reason I gave it four stars; the catch could be designed better, as even my grandson couldn't get it to open without yanking hard on it. However, this is a minor drawback
My 6m old loves this house.  He can open and close the door and roof and move the animals around and it's just a joy for him.  It's not an overly complex toy but has several neat features (spinning ball, opening door, light switch, window) that have a single action to amuse and to work on fine motor skills.  It's sturdy and well designed so there are no sharp angles when little ones bang them about.  It's also a great size overall.  Small enough to take to a friends house for dinner but not so big as to be a pain to carry.  It's perfect for sitting a kid on the floor and letting them self entertain for a while.  Really a great toy!
We found out we were having our last bundle of joy two weeks after giving away the last of our baby and toddler toys which included the wonderful although large Laugh and Learning Home.  That was the one item that I really regretted having donated but we are short on space as it is so I was overjoyed to see that Fisher-Price had come out with this activity home.  The great thing about this home is that not only is it smaller in size but it has a handle for portability and two toys inside to take with you.  The roof of the home opens up for put and take play with the small plastic puppy and frog and there is a side hole for putting items in as well.  Many of the interactive items that made the larger home engaging are included in this smaller one such as the door, light switch, and window.  A ball on the roof can be rotated around for day and night much like the circular spinner on the larger home so Fisher-Price thought of everything.  This house does have songs that can be played as well but lucky for us parents there is a switch to control all that.  So, not only can your six month old and above enjoy playing with this activity home in your home, they can take the fun along with them too!
My toddler loves this little house, especially the easy to press button that makes the door bell ring. The rattling puppy and easy to hold frog are also a great addition that he like to take with him, with or without the house.It's good size for him to carry or for him to easily manipulate opening and closing the door and lid.The price is good for an easy, uncomplicated, but very engaging imagination toy!
My 23 month old daughter loves a cheap little house that we bought at a drugstore, so I thought she would love this.  This house has a whole lot more functionality, has a dog (and a frog as well, but she likes doggies more), and makes more sounds and songs.  And she liked it...  but then forgot about it.  The other house is pink & purple, which she has learned to associate as a toy for her, so maybe that has something to do with it.  Everything with this is gender neutral.But a huge kudos to Fisher Price for great packaging.  I have come to dread the time in-between when a child sees a toy and when I actually get it out of the packaging, because 2 year olds are not known for their patience.  This house just had a few clips that released with a simple turn.  I was able to get this out of the box and into her hands in a very short amount of time.
This is a nice little dollhouse.  It has nice sound effects that do not get annoying, and importantly can be turned off.  The top opens for easy storage.However, since this is a small dollhouse, my daughter seems to get bored with it very quickly.  She has another dollhouse that opens up from the side, instead of from the top, that she likes much better.
This provides so much entertainment AND great learning opportunities!  It helps with motor skill development as well as with counting and the alphabet.  It's also FUN and sturdy!
From the time I took it out of the box and put it on the floor, my 9 month old son can't get enough of this.  He loves the lights, sounds, and especially opening and closing the door.  Toy is very well made.  Bright, tough plastic that looks to be able to take lots of abuse.  Plenty of different activities to keep young minds engaged.  Highly recommended!
Our two grandsons, ages 6 months and two years have been evaluating the Laugh and Learn Puppy's Activity Home for us.  Both boys seem to like interacting with the toy, especially the two-year-old who sometimes monopolizes it.Attracting the children are the colors, the animal figures, the lights, the sounds, the voices, and the manipulatives.  Parents will like the kinetic opportunities and the somewhat rudimentary teaching tools. Simple concepts like up/down, and on/off  are part of the learning package. Kids also get to listen to the ABC song; parents should interact during the song by pointing to individual letters in a book or on blocks. Some of the letters are embossed on the plastic toy, but not all of them.Overall I rate this a four star product. This sturdy, fun toy does a good job keeping the attention of our active boys.
This is a very cute house.  Several things on it can be interacted with and it comes with a cute dog and frog toy that can be stored inside (one side of the roof lifts up).  There is also room inside for some other small things.  It has three settings typical of most Fisher Price infant toys - learning, music, and the fun setting.  On each setting, the different interactive things like the window will play different things.  I do wish that there were interactive things on all the sides, as the back and sides have pretty much nothing  This is for ages six months to three years, but I think it is more appropriate for six months to two years.  My daughter is two and a half and while she has played with it, it doesn't hold her interest as much as some of the more involved toys.  For an infant though, this would be a very nice toy.  A bonus is it is small and doesn't take up a lot of room and you can store the accompanying toys inside!  Overall, I think this is a good buy for an infant over six months and up to two years.
"The name ""FIsher-Price"" carries a lot of weight with me. I've never purchased any Fisher-Price toy that wasn't top quality.The manufacturer recommends it for 6 months-3 years. My 7-month old grandson loved this toy. He sits up well, so he was able to reach everything. His fine motor skills are not very precise. He mostly ""batted"" at the Activity Home. Several of the features can be activated that way. The dog & frog rattle when they are shaken. As he gets more precise in his movements, he'll be able to discover more & more of the toy's features. Of course, I think he's a genius, but he's not ready to learn about the weather & opposites!My other grandson, who is 18 months old, liked the toy, but he didn't play with it as long as the younger one did. His favorite feature was that the roof opens & the animals can be put inside & taken out through the front door. Again, a genius, but apparently one of simple needs. Even though the Activity Home has things to teach a 3-year old, I don't think it would hold the attention of a child that age for very long."
My 20 month old son has been playing with this for about a month now. He really enjoys it, especially opening/closing the roof and ringing the doorbell. Almost everything makes a sound so it really keeps him entertained. The set comes with a dog figure and a frog (sort of random) and you can fit more stuff inside the house. There are numerous sounds and songs and lots of little things to keep little fingers busy. And it's priced well (for once) so I highly recommend it!
