Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
I have a son who is just as crazy about superheroes, science fiction, and fantasy as I am.  He's almost seven, so he's just the right age to want tons of action figures and toys related to things like Batman, Star Wars, Power Rangers, etc.  Batman happens to be one of his favorite heroes, so with that in mind, I decided to scoop up the Joker Robo Rampage toy for him to play with and for me to review in a highly (cough) scientific and analytical manner.Right off the &#34;bat&#34; I found a problem with this toy.  While opening the package, I noticed that Batman's cape was detached from him.  Apparently when the toy was packaged, ol' Batsy's cape was push through a small sliver in the plastic to keep it from flopping around.  I have no problem with that, but it was either pushed through or sealed in too tightly, and it came off of the figure.  Now, this was easily remedied with some glue, but if the cape detached that easily before the toy was even played with, I have to call in to question the overall quality of the product.Once everything was out of the box, I had a Batman action figure, a Superman figure, and a giant Joker robot that you can fit the Joker action figure (not included, naturally) onto.  I would have much rathered that they include a Joker figure with this package and left out Superman, or just go ahead and offer all three figures in the pack.  The Robo Joker was somewhat flimsy, with thin legs and thin arms that open up into gigantic fists that can be slammed down on to Batman and his friends in order to &#34;capture&#34; them in the Joker's clutches.  The Robo arms swivel forward and can be used in either the forward or wide position to catch good guys.  The arms are operated by squeezing the skinny legs of the robot.The figures actually look pretty cool.  They are heavily stylized with some trippy looking feet and arms and a rather cool looking Bat logo on Batman's chest.  I really do like the figures (except for the whole detached Batcape debacle) and have seen other figures in this line in stores.  I wouldn't mind picking up a few of them for my personal collection and for my son to play with as well.The Joker Robot is, in my opinion, a bit silly.  The arms work really well, but the figures have to be in the perfect spot in order for the robot to grab them.  Also, and this is the comic nerd in me speaking, what in the heck does the Joker need with a giant robot to fight Batman and Superman with?Overall, I'll give the entire set three stars.  Had the set been constructed a bit better, I would have bumped it up to four stars, but the bum cape and cheap feel of the robot have left a sour taste in my mouth.Only for hardcore Batman or Superman fans.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.048953644931316376,0.051277127116918564,0.055096350610256195,0.04699630290269852,0.051962561905384064,0.050745703279972076,0.0484592542052269,0.047294262796640396,0.04603516682982445,0.04896771162748337,0.05559317395091057,0.054747048765420914,0.04842716455459595,0.05006076395511627,0.05088703706860542,0.05089008808135986,0.048314888030290604,0.0475301668047905,0.048086125403642654,0.04967539757490158
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
"My six year old son has been collecting super heroes since he was two and he went bananas when he saw the Joker Robo Rampage. It's unique and unlike anything he has in his (very big) collection. In order for this toy to work properly, the Batman and Superman action figures have to be placed in alignment with the Joker's barrel hands and then by squeezing the Joker's legs he can ""capture"" the two heroes and lift them in the air. Is the execution of this toy perfect? No. Is this toy fun for little boys who love super heroes? Definitely! My son loves this set and he is so happy playing and creating different scenarios for the heroes to escape this maniacal robot. I highly recommend this toy set for super hero fans!"
The Joker has created a giant robot to take out the super-heroes with his massive fists.  He can knock them down just by squeezing his legs together.  If you line Batman and Superman up *just right*, he can even pick them up and hold them.My ten year old son loves having Superman and Batman battle the Robo-Joker.  He tells me all about the battles sometimes.  He plays with the Batman and Superman figures even more often, taking them with him in the car, or putting them in his pockets.  The superheroes have a slimmer build than other action figures, so they can fit inside the robo-fists.It's a simple toy, but my boys who love Batman and Superman enjoy it.  It seems to be well-made, though I expect that the Robo-Joker will be the first item to break.
You squeeze the Joker robot's legs, and his hands come crashing down to capture Superman and Batman. That's pretty much all he does. The Superman and Batman figures are cool though, and very easy to pose. The legs on the robot feel fragile, but a 3 year old played with it for a long while with no issues so I guess it's stronger than it looks.
***1/2This clown 'Prince of Crime', is Batman's arch-nemesis, famous for his three-piece purple suit. His real motives, origin, and provocations are shrouded in mystery. He has caused Batman more suffering than any other enemy has ever faced. Batman must call on his top ally Superman to join forces in a team assault.The robot has giant barrel hands that automatically swing down when the legs are squeezed. It's hands have light arrows on them, that kids find where exactly to stand the figures whenever they want to grab them. Kids can position one of the figures under the barrel, and then make the robot grab and contrive the figure.The set is designed for young kids, and collectors of 5-7 who love to add the figures to their collections. Grandson Oliver, would have a lot of fun conducting Batman, Superman against The Joker Robo Rampage Figure.  Batteries are not required, and a fierce battle is ready to be waged when they show right out of the box!
The good: superman and batman are pretty cool figures, arms and legs are poseableThe bad: we could never really get the joker part of this set to &#34;work&#34; my son still plays with him here and there, but no where near as much as batman and supermanIt's a cool set, I am glad we have it, but we really can't get the joker part to do what it's supposed to do, trap batman and joker in his barrel hands.
This set is a lot of fun for the super hero fan. The barrel hands are hard to line up, but once imagination takes over it doesn't matter. My son loves playing with it and just putting the figures in the Joker hands. It is a shame that it doesn't include a Joker figure also like the picture on the box. We started using an imaginext Joker instead. The superman and batman figures are small but really nice quality and have moveable parts. A lot of fun.
So the idea of The Joker building a giant robot, with giant fists that 'grab' your favorite superheroes is pretty cool, and the toy looks cool.  The colors are vibrant and fun, and the robot design looks neat, especially the fists (not so much the little chicken legs).  The actual execution doesn't really work very well, though.  The idea is to squeeze the robots legs together and his fists slam down over the heroes.  There are little silicone tabs inside the fists that grip onto the heroes, and then releasing the legs causes the robot to lift the heroes up into the air.It just doesn't work that well.For the toy to 'work', the heroes should be standing up, then the robot stands near them, and you squeeze THE LEGS IT IS STANDING ON for the arms to move.  Its awkward and difficult to keep everything in sync for a cool, quick capture.  Usually you'll just snag their head and shoulders, or you'll knock them over.  Plus, the robot is super top heavy and you have the added momentum of these big, heavy fists swing around.  It just doesn't really work.And why doesn't it come with a Joker figure?  A robot can't catch Superman.  It should come with Batman, Joker and Robin or another hero.  There is a little stand on the back of the robot for a Joker figure to stand on, and controls to hang on.  He's even pictured on the box.  Weird.EDITI do like the 'HA HA' tread on the soles of the robot feet. Nice touch.  AND when the arms are in the 'down' position, they can swivel from the sides to the front, offering two poses/attacks.  Another nice feature.  Also, why does Superman look like Nero from the new Star Trek film series?
At  first glance, this toy didn't seem like much, but my five year old played and played with it and played some more (building gotham out of blocks and Joker rampaging after batman and superman was especially fun!).  The two action figures were fun and the robot, despite the obvious limitations, made for fun imaginative play.
This went to my four year old son to play with.  He recently watched the new Lego Batman movie (based on the video game) and was interested in Superman and Batman fighting a giant Joker robot...just as in the movie.  A couple of notes:-Apparently the idea here is for Superman and Batman to stand still while the Joker robot saunters up between them and quick-as-lightning smashes its hands down and captures them.  Trouble is, you have to have Supes and Bats standing in a very precise spot, with arms close to their bodies, and remain standing while the kid squeezes the robot's legs together.  Unfortunately, this rarely if ever happened.  Instead one would get knocked to the ground where he could (presumably) save the other from Joker's grasp.  Or something.  Anyway, it made my son start crying with frustration that he couldn't get it to work, the figures wouldn't stand up because of the odd dimensions of the casting, etc etc.-The arms of the robot rotate forward so you can have Bats and Supes standing next to each other and get captured by the robot facing them.  But again, unless the stars are aligned and there's a variable gravity field under the figures to keep them from falling or something, it just doesn't work right.-Not to get pedantic, but the Batman insignia looks off somehow.  If this weren't a Mattel product I'd wonder if this was even officially licensed.  Not that my four year old cares, but, well, I do.  The Superman figure also has a somewhat odd (to me) costume on.-The figures themselves look strange, with dimensions that just seem off.  The capes are normal at the bottom but taper to a very narrow point at the neck...I think they'll detach sooner rather than later.-After about twenty minutes my son stopped playing with the Joker robot and instead played with Bats and Supes.Overall, it's an interesting idea but it just didn't work.
My 3-year-old son has been carrying the figurines for this set around for days, so I can safely say it is a fun toy for younger children. Probably won&#8217;t have the same sort of staying power for older (&#62; 6) children unless they are diehard Batman/Superman fans.If they are diehard fans, however, they might debate (like my 8-year-old) how the Joker managed to build a robot that could hold the Man of Steel. I mean, is it made out of Kryptonite? Doesn&#8217;t say so on the box, even though the box clearly shows Superman confined.He also might want to know where the Joker is in this scenario. Why build a robot that he can clearly ride in, and not ride in it? Is he off planning another diabolical scheme and using the robot as a diversion? It is a mystery that perhaps only the Caped Crusader can unravel.
I have a son who is just as crazy about superheroes, science fiction, and fantasy as I am.  He's almost seven, so he's just the right age to want tons of action figures and toys related to things like Batman, Star Wars, Power Rangers, etc.  Batman happens to be one of his favorite heroes, so with that in mind, I decided to scoop up the Joker Robo Rampage toy for him to play with and for me to review in a highly (cough) scientific and analytical manner.Right off the &#34;bat&#34; I found a problem with this toy.  While opening the package, I noticed that Batman's cape was detached from him.  Apparently when the toy was packaged, ol' Batsy's cape was push through a small sliver in the plastic to keep it from flopping around.  I have no problem with that, but it was either pushed through or sealed in too tightly, and it came off of the figure.  Now, this was easily remedied with some glue, but if the cape detached that easily before the toy was even played with, I have to call in to question the overall quality of the product.Once everything was out of the box, I had a Batman action figure, a Superman figure, and a giant Joker robot that you can fit the Joker action figure (not included, naturally) onto.  I would have much rathered that they include a Joker figure with this package and left out Superman, or just go ahead and offer all three figures in the pack.  The Robo Joker was somewhat flimsy, with thin legs and thin arms that open up into gigantic fists that can be slammed down on to Batman and his friends in order to &#34;capture&#34; them in the Joker's clutches.  The Robo arms swivel forward and can be used in either the forward or wide position to catch good guys.  The arms are operated by squeezing the skinny legs of the robot.The figures actually look pretty cool.  They are heavily stylized with some trippy looking feet and arms and a rather cool looking Bat logo on Batman's chest.  I really do like the figures (except for the whole detached Batcape debacle) and have seen other figures in this line in stores.  I wouldn't mind picking up a few of them for my personal collection and for my son to play with as well.The Joker Robot is, in my opinion, a bit silly.  The arms work really well, but the figures have to be in the perfect spot in order for the robot to grab them.  Also, and this is the comic nerd in me speaking, what in the heck does the Joker need with a giant robot to fight Batman and Superman with?Overall, I'll give the entire set three stars.  Had the set been constructed a bit better, I would have bumped it up to four stars, but the bum cape and cheap feel of the robot have left a sour taste in my mouth.Only for hardcore Batman or Superman fans.
My 4-year old son is in the superhero phase, so he would like anything with Superman and Batman.  There's some Joker robot but no Joker action figure like the one depicted on the back of the box.  He can't even read the words &#34;sold separately,&#34;  let alone process the statement properly, so this is very distressing for him.The Joker Robot is supposed to &#34;trap&#34; the superheros if they stand in exactly the right way.  He can do it, sort of, but lost interest after the first few times.  So right now he's completely discarded the joker robot and is playing with the two superhero action figures...  and having a great time with them!  But if you throw the robot away, this toy starts to look very expensive: you can buy two superhero action figures (better ones, actually) for less than the cost of this set.
The whole &#34;idea&#34; behind this is that Joker is building a huge robot to destroy. Yet Joker doesn't come with this set. Superman does. Batman too. Confusing. The proportions of the figurines are off, making them hard to stand on their own. One is supposed to squeeze the robot's legs to bring the fists down and smash, which doesn't execute well. In saying that, the kids had fun with this, nonetheless, and well...superheroes. Need I say more? They'll get creative and interactive with this on their own.
The idea of this toy is pretty good, but I don't understand why Superman is there instead of another Batman character like Robin or NIghtwing. Batman's cape fell off straight out of the box, luckily I rigged it to stay on for my kids but superman's cape is on watch now. The Joker-bot is supposed to slam his hands/fists down when you squeeze the legs and then the flaps inside the fists are supposed to help him pick them up, this does not work out in action. I find that getting the characters to stand is a struggle for me, and is near impossible for my kids, and the heroes hardly ever stay in the fists when raised. My sons enjoy playing with other toys in addition to these, they like the set, just not that they don't work as advertised.
A fun little set for my six year old.  The Joker robot holds two barrels in each hand and when its legs are squeezed the barrels slam down over the two action figures.  The barrels contain a small arrow on them to show you exactly where to place the two figures so that the barrels will come down and trap them.  The Joker robot comes with a spot on the back to hold the Joker figure like it is riding the machine.  Of course the Joker figure comes separately.  The two figures that come with it are Batman and Superman.  They are about the size of the old GI Joe's of the 80's and come equipped with a cloth like cape.  The robot is colorfully styled in bright Joker colors: purple, red, white, and green.  My son loved the little set and has added it to his other superhero collection.
This is a fun set for superhero lovers. The Joker robot is a nice, large size. But the only movement is when you squeeze his legs together, his arms move up and down (with or without Batman and Superman in his &#34;grip&#34;). The Batman and Superman are small figurines, but with some nice detail. It's a decent price for the two figurines and plastic robot Joker. They all seem well-made and will stand up to some rough play.
My son loves superheroes, and at age 5, I thought this might be a bit boring and simple for him... but he LOVES it. They're not batteries needed, which is nice, as the arms move when you squeeze the legs closed. It's gotten a month of daily play with no end in sight, and I plan to buy a few to keep in my birthday party box (for when the kids are invited to a party and I don't have time to go get a gift). Love it!
Or that was impression from observing five year old playing with these toys. I mean, yes, you can squeeze his legs and he is going to open his arms and try to catch Batman and Superman, but the positions they need to be in order for this to work are kind of awkward. I got the impression that kid was bored with Robo really fast and preferred to just go with Superman and Batman and make them do whatever his other superheroes are doing.
While this 3-piece action figure set is brightly colored and attractive to young children, there is not much to it. You simply squeeze the legs of the Joker and he grabs Batman and Superman with his extra large hands. That's it. It is fun for a few minutes, and it looks great on my action figure shelf, but if you're looking for an interactive toy that gives you lots of options for transformations and adventures, you'd be better served looking elsewhere. I believe there are additional pieces that can be aded to this set which might make it more exciting, but as it stands it is merely an okay product.
My grandson is four and he loves this toy.  He goes around saying, &#34;I'm the Joker robot.  I'll get you Batman and Superman.&#34;  Although Batman and Superman are on the small side, the toy is well made overall.  I was impressed with how well the capes are attached.  They get swung around by those things often, but they are still firmly attached.  The Joker robot has a scary face and legs that squeeze together to move the barrel arms.  The arms swivel in the front.  It all works well enough and is fun.  The colors are bright with ha ha printed on the bottom of the robot's feet.  This works well for ages 3-5 but might not be good for anyone older that that.  Just not much repeat playability.
