Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
I think this game isn't for everyone and it wasn't really for my family. Someone reads a dating/relationship scenario and everybody guesses if that is a dealbreaker for the person reading it. My daughter had a lot of fun playing the original Zobmondo with a large group of people and said it was much better than this game. She also said she prefers apples to apples to this game for large groups.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.02659561112523079,0.029774416238069534,0.030150165781378746,0.03701791912317276,0.029042474925518036,0.03541767597198486,0.032882872968912125,0.03155073523521423,0.03324661776423454,0.03422778472304344,0.029554469510912895,0.035667359828948975,0.03483650088310242,0.03698253259062767,0.034904029220342636,0.041176263242959976,0.03197237476706505,0.03353162854909897,0.0344572588801384,0.03473138436675072,0.0331517830491066,0.03710237517952919,0.03251626342535019,0.033395569771528244,0.0345509834587574,0.032161083072423935,0.032779768109321594,0.03520865738391876,0.033512603491544724,0.02790086157619953
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
First off, the produce page states &#34;Manufacturer recommended age: 16 months - 8 years&#34;.  This is an adult game meant for players 18+.We played this with a few friends recently.  It's a fun game for about a half hour.  The problem is: there are a very limited set of cards in the box.  So once you play this with a few friends, after a half hour or so...that's pretty much it.It's fun, very much along the lines of &#34;Would You Rather&#34;.  But I can't tell if they made the cards the size and thickness of coasters for a reason...other than that means the cards are thicker and they don't have to make as many.  Why not make the cards the width of regular playing cards and actually produce a game with a much longer playing time?
This pseudo dating game is printed on coasters.  The person who starts the game reads a scenario from the card while the others guess how the person would react to the situation.  There are two scenarios per card.  Some of the questions asked can be too invasive:  &#34;You are about to spend the holidays with your partner's family for the first time.  Your partner confesses they told their parents you had a different, more professional job...&#34;  It reminds me of &#34;The Newlywed Game.&#34;  Like the warning on the cover, this is not a game to be played with children.There are 49 cards and each card has two scenarios, so after a few rounds the situations become redundant.  I can see some of the situations provoking deep conversation, but after a game or two of this and I'm ready to call it quits.
This game includes 49 deal breaker coaster cards and a card that gives you instructions on how to play.You need three players to get started and the object of the game is to collect the most deal breaker cards.What is a deal breaker? It's a situation that would be a relationship ender for you. What one person may have no problem with may be a deal breaker for the next person.Everyone starts with a one green and one red deal breaker card. When it's your turn then you are the focus and the player to the left chooses one deal breaker scenario from the cards in his or her hand and reads it out loud. Each person either lays down an all good card or deal breaker card in response to the scenario. All other players will vote simultaneously by putting down an all good card or deal breaker card on how they think you voted. All other players reveal their vote by flipping over their card and then the focus player reveals his or her card and you take score.There are a wide variety of different questions on these cards. Many are adult oriented but they aren't very dirty. I don't think there is anything embarrassing about playing it with your friends. Some of the questions could very well be a deal breaker. However others are just plain silly and you would have to be very immature to end a relationship over some of the issues. I guess that's what makes the game interesting by seeing if your friends agree with you.Overall I think this is an entertaining game to play but it doesn't have a lot of replay value. I think part of the fun is wondering what question is going to be asked next. After playing a couple games you know what to expect and it's not quite as interesting. I will say that this game will likely teach you a couple new things about others in the game. I also think this game is aimed more at younger adults who aren't as mature. This game probably wouldn't do much for an older married couple.
I got this game to use in my private practice with clients who struggle to notice red flags in relationships.  For that purpose it has been really useful and has led to helpful discussions of relationship styles and communication skills.  However, I bet this would also be a really fun party game too (which of course was the original intent of the game!)  It is similar to the &#34;Book of Questions&#34; except relationship focused.  I would only recommend this game for adults though.  Some of the cards have situations that would be too adult in content for teens.
"We love playing games when our friends or family come over and we are always open to new ways to have fun and mix up our game collection.  When I received Deal Breaker I thought it might be something fun to pull out at our next dinner party, but after reading through some of the cards I had to re-think my plans.The instructions and game play are quite simple, but the cards themselves are what gave me pause with statements like ""You are on a second date and things are going well when your date tells you that they severed their relationship with family over money issues.""  or  ""Your partner stays over for the first time after two months of dating. They make you pray with them before going to bed. They don't care if you're religious, but want you to sit with them as a symbol of your relationship."" These are real life situations that could potentially be something that actually is a problem now or has happened between some of the guests at your party and their significant others, and if they are to say that this was a ""Deal Breaker"", how is that going to make their significant other feel? Where is privacy in the relationship if secrets are aired in public and during a game?I personally feel that this is a game that should only be played with friends of the same gender, perhaps at a bridal shower, a bachelorette party, or a ladies night. Otherwise you are just looking to start up relationship trouble over things that might not have been a problem in the first place. I played the other night when I had some friends over for a wine tasting and we had a blast laughing at some of the cards and I would absolutely play it again, but if you are at a couples party, maybe just use it for coasters! Or not!"
Deal Breaker appears to be the type of game whose target audience could be the twenty something crowd. When the twenty something guy in my family came over looking to see if we had an actual Yahtzee game, I showed him this one. It was an immediate turnoff and he wasn&#8217;t one bit interested. I think that the 18+ age range for the game is probably necessary for screening because some of the Deal Breaker cards are some you wouldn&#8217;t want your young teen to read. The age group for which this game is intended, is simply not interested. They are looking for &#8220;the one&#8221; and this game, well ... it&#8217;s a bit too immature.The premise of the game is to have the other players (you need at least three) to figure out what might be a &#8220;Deal Breaker&#8221; for you in a relationship. There are a couple of stacks of coaster-sized cards (4&#8221; x 4&#8221;), red ones that are labeled &#8220;Deal Breaker&#8221; and the green ones that say &#8220;All Good.&#8221; The youngest player goes first. There are two scenarios on each card. Perhaps everything is all good with the world or one of these scenarios could be a deal breaker. In other words, it&#8217;s goodbye time to the relationship. Each person selects one random card from each deck.It you are the Focus, you listen to the person read one of the scenarios from one of their cards. Would this scenario be a Deal Breaker for you or All Good? You can slide a card that indicates your choice on to the table. If you think all would be well with the scenario and this imaginative person could be &#8220;the one,&#8221; you&#8217;d place your All Good card face down (colored side down) on the table. The other players will have to guess what you are thinking and place one face down as well. Scoring goes according to how the guessing goes.These coasters, which remind me of bar coasters are pretty much the same quality. Cheap, disposable, and probably wouldn&#8217;t last with a lot of use. The questions are rather silly for the twenty something crowd, but would probably titillate teens who might snag them. The twenty somethings I know are trying to disconnect somewhat from the high-tech world around them and get back down to earth with games they may have played from their childhood. Not ones like Party Until You Puke, but rather the good old standards like Monopoly, Yahtzee, or Parcheesi. The idea of Zobmondo&#8217;s Deal Breaker is interesting, but falls short of what their target audience is looking for. I&#8217;ll tap out a few random Deal Breaker scenarios so you&#8217;ll get the idea. Not recommended because my twenty something took one look at it and pretty much dissed it.DEAL BREAKER SCENARIOS:&#9658; &#8220;You are on a first date together and your date says the price of your menu selections and then whistles under their breath ...&#8221;&#9658; &#8220;You are on your first date with someone who is smoking hot but has a missing tooth, which is really obvious when they talk.&#8221;&#9658; &#8220;You are on your fifth date and things are going great, except your partner is a horrible kisser and doesn&#8217;t seem to be improving.&#8221;&#9658; &#8220;You are on a first date and the person is amazing. They&#8217;ve recently dyed their hair bright purple and they say they love it.&#8221;&#9658; &#8220;You&#8217;ve been on a few dates and really like the person when you notice that your partner has freakishly huge hands.&#8221;
Deal Breaker would be a good game for new, young couples ideally.  Some of the deals presented on the sturdy coaster cards are pretty ridiculous to be a deal breaker but there are a few that are challenging.  Would probably be boring for old married couples.
I played this with three other married people, all in our 30's.  On your turn, another player reads a scenario to you, 'Your date has unusually large hands' for example, and then you decide if its 'All Good' or a 'Deal Breaker'.  Your opponents secretly predict what your answer will be.  A match means points for you and your correct opponents.The questions are (obviously) aimed at the dating set.  First date-type scenarios for the most part, but sometimes it suggests that you are engaged or have been dating for a period of time.  Might be more fun with more people, in a spin-the-bottom type situation of frat house parties, but with married people, and long-time friends, you pretty much know what everyone is going to say.  Feels a bit flirty, but we couldn't wait for it to be over.On the plus side, the cards are actually similar to a coaster you might find at Chili's, same density and build.  There are only 40-some cards, but there are multiple scenarios on each card.  Cards Against Humanity goes a lot further for the same target audience.
I am too old for this game it is better for young single dating people. It was a bit fun to ask my husband of 15 years some of the questions would be better for single people.
"Zobmondo!! Deal Breaker consists of 49 coasters with the title game excellent for adults who want to better know each other while drinking and have difficulties to support a conversation on their own.  Playing the game is evaluating the scenarios grouped in pairs on each coaster. Each player draws one green Deal Breaker card and one red Deal Breaker card.* When it's your turn you are The Focus. The player to your left chooses one Deal Breaker scenario and reads it out loud to the group (from any of his or her Deal Breaker cards).* Secretly make your choice by placing either the ""All Good"" card green side down on the table or the ""Deal Breaker"" card red side down.* All other players simultaneously guess what you chose by placing their green ""All Good"" or red ""Deal Breaker"" cards face down as well.* When everyone has placed a card, all players except The Focus turn their cards over to reveal their guess. IMPORTANT: each player MUST push their revealed card to the center of the table so that scoring can be counted after each turn.* The Focus then turns over his or her card over to see who matched.* Each player who guesses correctly is awarded an additional Deal Breaker card from the deck. The Focus is awarded one Deal Breaker card for each match.* Play moves left and the next player becomes The Focus. NOTE: on your turn, the player to your left always chooses and reads a Deal Breaker from one of his or her own cards. Winning the Game You win if you have the most Deal Breaker cards (both colors total) at the end of any number of complete rounds."
The concept of this game is fine but I found the situations to be too predictable so there didn't seem to be a purpose in debating. Too many of the situations were CLEARLY deal breakers so....I didn't really like this game. I understand that being coasters, getting players a bit tipsy might make this game more fun but as is, it's not that great. And these situations are for adults as they reference drinking, gambling and &#34;spending the night&#34; with others. Not really a game to play with the family.
Bear in mind most of my friends, as well as myself, are in relationships. Even with that awkwardness here and there, the game was surprisingly fun (when accompanied by drinks). if played among singles, especially in mixed company, this would have been more entertaining, so for us it was three stars, and for some friends who tried it another time, it was four. Quick learning time, quick game time. Not bad! They work as coasters when you get tired of the game.
You know who likes this game? My 9 year old. You know who shouldn't be playing this game? My 9 year old. Unfortunately, this was the only person in my pool of 15-40 year olds that was interested in playing this game out of the box. This is a very tame game - so the caveat here is that if you are in a tamer subset, maybe this would work better.The instructions are a bit convoluted - it is not immediately clear which pile you are drawing from / how to hide your response etc... It is a bit like they took the premise for apples to apples and then combined it with would you rather?The thing is so many of the scenarios are just silly or yawn... and very, very tame. Frankly, in this day of online dating most of us between 25-35 (and not married the whole time) have encountered worse. Honestly, I got more of a kick out of comparing war stories - and then debating which was a deal breaker or not with my friends (note: my 15 year old son was not included in this conversation, the only reason they saw the cards is they were left on the dining room table).Honestly, if you get this, just use them as coasters and let people organically discuss things. Cards against humanity (note: do not leave that one on dining room table) & Loaded questions are more fun (or the Head's Up! iphone game) if you are looking to have a party game.
I got this thinking it would be fun for my friends and I to play. The game is too obvious, some of the cards people wouldn't even debate.  I think this game could prove interesting if played while drinking, but otherwise, it was somewhat stupid.  Maybe make a drinking game out of it?  I found it pretty lame.
"Well, I figured that this was not going to be a ""for the kids"" game by the description, but I was hoping it would be fun to play with some glasses of wine.  I'm not happy with it.  First, why put that this is for 16months-8years old on the description?  Even the review for this asks about the toy as if it was meant for a younger child.  It is not!  This is definitely an adult game, and more than likely, an adult drinking game.  When I had my book club girls over, we decided to give this a run for our money.  Since we are fans of Apples to Apples and Loaded Questions, I figured we would have a good time.  With 5 of us playing, the game lasted about 40 minutes with some laughter and jokes inbetween to talk about the scenarios.  Since we went through all of the coasters, then there is no replay value with the same group of people.  I know this is often the issue with the guess who said what type games, but this one doesn't have the same silly questions that may keep you laughing for a long time and add to lengthier discussions.  I just don't see this as something that is going to stay in my game closet."
I think this game isn't for everyone and it wasn't really for my family. Someone reads a dating/relationship scenario and everybody guesses if that is a dealbreaker for the person reading it. My daughter had a lot of fun playing the original Zobmondo with a large group of people and said it was much better than this game. She also said she prefers apples to apples to this game for large groups.
"Trust me, I like a good adult game as much as I enjoy imbibing a copious quantity of spirits.  In fact, there is little point to even playing a game if you can't get a little loose while doing so!  It just opens up all sorts of possibilities as the liquor and the honesty start flowing.  Deal Breaker is basically a conversation-starter, a card game in which adults hash out real life scenarios and what they would or would not stand in a relationship.  As with any participatory game, your level of fun will entirely depend on you and your friends.  If you are an uptight bunch, this probably isn't for you.  If you are wild and unruly, you can make anything fun!  The game, such as it is, is just an excuse to get personal.There are a dozen different card games that follow the same sort of guidelines as Deal Breaker.  The coaster cards lay out a relationship dilemma.  Is that issue strong enough to break you and your partner up or is it something you can withstand?  What's your answer?  What do other people think you will say?  Now discuss.  The game is as open-ended or as restrictive as you make it.  There is no real point to winning or losing, we just tried to have fun with the situations.In the end, I ask myself the eternal question: would I recommend Deal Breaker for someone to purchase?  My answer would have to be a qualified ""no"" and not because I didn't enjoy the game.  I simply don't see how or why I'd ever pull it out to play it a second time.  Once you hash through your answers, you would simply lose interest in doing it again (unless, perhaps, with a different group and years later when it would all be fresh in your mind).  Overall, the experience was pleasant if not particularly remarkable.  In the realm of party games, this was fine once but not really worth a financial investment.  KGHarris, 4/14."
A game on disposable coasters, quite a novel concept. I didn't quite understand why the coasters were so flimsy until I realized that this really isn't the type of game you can play more than once, so I would suggest to those playing it, either pass it on to a friend or use those coasters for what they're meant to do and toss them out once the beer has run dry. This game isn't nearly on the same level as Cards Against Humanity or Apples to Apples, but its entertaining in its own one-time way. The scenarios could be better, but what are you expecting from a game printed onto disposable coasters? If you're having a big group of people over and want to have a few cheap laughs, pick up a copy of this game and have at it. If you're looking for a game with staying power, pass this one up.
"This game had potential.  There are game cards that set up dating scenarios:""The person you find on line seems perfect, is gainfully employed but hasn't graduated from high school.  You go to a wedding with a new dating partner and halfway through the ceremony they stand up and walk out"".  The set ups are awkward, funny, embarrassing and often push the envelope of what you may encounter on the dating scene.  Your job is to match your response, ""Deal Breaker"" or ""All Good"" with your fellow players.This game can be played with friends from late teens to cougars and gray man-thers.  Fun and laughs.  UNFORTUNATELY the game comes with only 49 thick cardboard playing cards or as they're called coaster cards.  Even a small group will quickly blow through these and then the party is over.If the manufacturer had used conventional style playing cards and put about 150 to 200 in the box the purchaser would not feel cheated.  This is not a game that you can play over and over.  Sorry, thumbs down."
While getting together with friends I thought I'd get this game out.  It was OK.  My friends felt it was a rather serious game (until they had some wine) and didn't enjoy it too much.  My opinion?  I don't think I'll be taking it out in the near future again.  It wasn't as much fun as I had hoped it would be.  :(
This game may be fun for a certain age group (&#60;18), but for a group in their late twenties/thirties it was only mildly entertaining.There is no real replay value for the game.  Also, the design of the game is terrible, there really should be separate cards just for guessing, rather than using the playing cards, made it very confusing.
This game can be fun...it just depends on the group of people that you are playing it with.  If you have an open minded group that wants to have laughs and fun and don't mind sharing...it is great!  I also like the fact that it is something new and out of the box.  If you like to play games, then it will enhance your collection.
There are several things you should not do when playing this game. First its is an adults only game NO children. There are way too many personal adult questions and answers for even teenagers. Second is dont play with family members-the questions are way to personal. You tick off a relative you will never live it down. I played with 3 other friends who I could joke and have fun with. A few times we looked at each other and the questions and said &#34;Did they really just ask that?&#34;. We skipped a few of the questions when one of us was uncomfortable. We had a few laughs but not enough to say the evening was a success.Would try some other game.
I got this thinking it would be fun for my friends and I to play. I think we're either too old or too sober to enjoy this one. The situations aren't even funny, they're rather stupid. It makes a joke out of relationships. It's easy to play, the box says it's for ages 18+ so after removing some of the more questionable cards, my kids will like it. It might make for some good conversation, but some of the cards are going to make some people appear really shallow. I can see the bar crowds enjoying this, and also young teens. For anyone else, pass it up.
"Deal breaker is a ""game"" in which people indicate whether or not they believe a certain scenario would be a deal breaker when it came one of the player's and his or her partner. The game seems more like a way to talk about possible situations couples may face than a real game.The rules are simple. A person who is called ""The Focus"" reads a scenario such as a date showing up late or a partner starting to smoke or a date being a member of the Communist Party and the rest of the people playing the game must guess if that would be a deal breaker for ""The Focus.""  ""The Focus"" gets a deal breaker card for each person correctly guessing his or her choice.  Each person guessing the choice of ""The Focus"" gets a deal breaker card as well. The person with the most deal breaker cards wins.The box says this is for people 18 years of age and older but I found the deal breaker questions fairly benign and not offensive at all.  The Amazon page currently lists the recommended age as 16 months to 8 years so I hope that will be fixed.This is a way for people to have discussions about what would be deal breakers to them.  It is fine for that purpose."
Deal Breaker Coaster Card Game is a game that I would have adored in my college days.  Its certainly not something you'd pull out with kids or the elderly but it would be a great gift for the college age person in your life.
I suppose this game is good if you want a laugh with some pals over a drinks or more ... This basically is a game for people who are dating, and preferably 18 yrs above as some scenarios are quite personal. And has to have at least 3 persons to play the game - however, it could be modified for a 2 person game, just to know the partner &#60;shrug&#62;.Another comment are that the scenarios are quite limited (given it is only 49 coasters) and a little silly. I mean they have scenarios like: -1) You are on your first date with someone who is smoking hot but has a missing tooth, which is really obvious when they talk.2) You have been on a few good dates when you realize that your date is wearing a wig and dyeing their eyebrows.3) You are on a first date and the person is amazing. They&#8217;ve recently dyed their hair bright purple and they say they love it.4) You&#8217;ve been on a few dates and really like the person when you notice that your partner has freakishly huge hands.&#8221;5) You are on a blind date and the person is gorgeous. They avoid using motor vehicles because it's bad for the environment.I am pretty sure there are more realistic scenarios than the above but than again I may be wrong.In my opinion, Deal Breaker is good for a laugh maybe once or twice, but fairly limited by the scenarios. Not a game that is long lasting, but the coasters will be useful though ...
This is an adult themed type of game that you need to play when there aren't any kids around.  You also need the right type of people to play with.  There are some people out there that won't want to play because they don't like discussing personal stuff.  I feel that this is the type of game that you need people who feel so comfortable around one another that they're willing to talk about anything and find humor in games like this.  A girls night out type of game.  Sure men can play too but they don't seem to enjoy it as much as the women do.Some reviewers have stated that they found the directions hard to understand.  I didn't.  I think they were easy to read and follow.  There is a small problem with that game that allows those who want to cheat (in a way) to have a chance to be able to do so if they want.  I won't go into the details of that on here though because if you haven't played the game it'll only sound confusing to you.  It's not a big problem though and most people probably won't even realized it.  It's a pretty basic game but with there only being 49 cards, it can get pretty repetitive.  We've had no problem going though all the cards in one sitting so it's not really a game that you can play over and over, especially with the same group.The game itself comes in a small little box with the playing cards inside the box that basically look like coasters that you'd see on your table in a restaurant.  You need at least 3 people to play but the more the merrier.Overall this isn't a bad game, it's just not a game that you're going to be playing over and over.  I see it as a party game that you may play once or twice.  It's just not over exciting.  You'll get a few laughs and you'll open up the floor for some interesting conversations.
This is a game that I would definitely consider who I asked to play. First they must be at least a bit open minded and have a slightly raunchy sense of humor. My grandmother and mother would be offended by the game and I would not want younger children playing it. It is aimed at an adult audience. The questions can be quite personal - not to mention the answers that might come forth.You do need 3 to play and the cards can be used as lightweight coasters. The questions are not ones that you can play with or ask time and time again with the same people.
I played this game with my sister (33) and my 18 year old son, I'm 40-just to give you an idea of the age range.We had a few laughs, but let's be clear: we were laughing at the absurdity of the game, NOT having a great time with the answers.My husband and I are big fans of the game Cards against Humanity. When played with the right mix of people, you can get some wild answers, and have some real down and dirty laughs. I assume this game was going for the same idea, granted a more PG-13 version.What we got was some ridiculous questions-many of which are the same just worded differently-and no real discussion.&#34;You're having a great time, and after a few dates are confident this person is someone you can see yourself with. Then you find out they wear a wig.&#34;Dealbreaker? Good to go?&#34;Why aren't they asking things like-&#34;You're date seems awesome, but you found out they were in jail for assault and battery?&#34;That was my 18 year olds summation of the game, along with, &#34;This should be called &#34;How petty are you?&#34;My sister, though less vocal, had about the same opinion of the game. Add to the it there are only 49 cards, and it moves really fast. That can be a good thing, though if the idea is to play and spark some discussion and laughter, there just isn't enough cards to really get that ball rolling.This game was silly, and as some other reviewers mentioned there isn't a whole lot of replay value here. For ten more dollars buy Cards against humanity or a trivial pursuit (still one of my favorite games!) game instead.
