Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
Just look at the cover of this box and you can see that the car looks lame.Cardboard roof top?  LOL... I don't see that lasting long.Unmatching colors for roof (yellow, gray, and green).  Why not mostly red?And finally, to get Peter in the car, you have to pull the top off then put it back on.I'd rather play with Legos.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.1826157420873642,0.2026997208595276,0.21071232855319977,0.19744950532913208,0.20652268826961517
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
"""I find it humorous that the Peter figure comes fully assembled when there are directions for assembling him, and placing him in the car requires that he be taken apart anyway.""--Amazon Top 500 reviewerK'NEX, a construction toy system, is part of Fisher Science Education, technology supported curriculum developers, for science, mathematics and engineering. Taught through problem-solving and discovery, with some fine products as their large roller coasters. This is my first time to order a K'Nex product, through Amazon Vine review program.The Station Wagon set fits in the Lego-Meccano arena of similar building toys, where clarity of assembly instructions should match a step-by-step process. The design and assembly have a number of weak points, resulting in mechanical failure, most times. The use of cardboard for the car roof is questionable, when plastic material is stronger and more colorful.A reviewer ""half way through the 'construction' project,"" confront its instability, a fact I didn't discover earlier, that the pieces don't fit well, causing the structure to collapse, leaving the builder frustrated. If such weakness is not mended, young builders will prefer to stick to the 'Lego's quality', and parents will sacrifice the illusion of a ""Technology supported"" adventure!"
The car concept was fun for me and my 5 year old to put together.  We had never put any of the Knex kits together so both my son and I were excited to have a new project.  The instructions actually took a little getting use to but after we understood I liked them so much better than the Lego instructions.  (Everything is light/gray except the pieces you are putting together.)  This did become a challenge though when you had a gray piece to add, we had actually missed it in the instructions and had to go back, which is common anyway in building detailed pieces.  The low score rating is actually for the Knex pieces themselves.  When we got half way through the project it became very unstable.  The pieces didn't fit tightly and the project often fell a part.  We actually put it away at one point because we were both getting frustrated that the piece kept coming a part (which was often done by me, the adult and not the 5 year old).  I probably will stick to Lego's brand unless a kit comes up with Knex that looks exciting.
Just look at the cover of this box and you can see that the car looks lame.Cardboard roof top?  LOL... I don't see that lasting long.Unmatching colors for roof (yellow, gray, and green).  Why not mostly red?And finally, to get Peter in the car, you have to pull the top off then put it back on.I'd rather play with Legos.
For starters I would like to mention this is not my fist experience with K'nex products. In the past I have ordered a couple Mario Kart sets for my kid, as well as some KISS and The Beatles Yellow Submarine figurine sets. My experience with the brand had been great so as a fan of Family guy, I did not hesitate to order this. I would love to tell you the experience was great but I am afraid I can't, this set was so frustrating that my kid simply did not care about finishing it, nor did I.The first problem I encountered was the instructions, we have plenty of LEGO sets (which my kid loves) and we have never struggled with the instructions like we did with this one. The manual tries to differentiate the pieces you need to add from the ones you already added by using red and gray colors; the problem is, there are gray pieces, so there was a point in which we skipped two pieces because of this. As you can see, the top of the car is a red cardboard, as odd as that was for me, I expected some kind of hard material that could make this more durable and was disappointed when I found the cover to be a very flimsy piece of cardboard.If this was not enough, the design has very notorious structural flaws, when we were putting it together I kept wondering how this would stand together once completed, the answer? It simply doesn't. When the time came to add the cover to the top of the car, it broke into pieces. At that point, my kid had lost any interest and left me there with a broken set. Stubborn as I am, I kept trying to figure out a way to put it together, I was finally able to, only for it to break again.So, save your money and get a LEGO set instead; true, they do not have the Family Guy license, but even as a collector this set is not worth it. For some reason, K'nex included a Peter Griffin figure wearing a gray suit instead of his characteristic green pants and white shirt&#8230; wait, K'nex does have that figure, in a sold-separately set&#8230; I see what they did there...
This is really a cute gift.  The character, Peter, included in the set looks just like Peter from Family guy.  The Chariot also looks great once it's put together.  It is easy to construct--just like Legos.  In fact, I'm not sure why the box says 8+, as it can be built by younger kids--maybe 5+.  However, there are many small pieces, so I can see why older kids may do better with the set.This set is part of a larger Family Guy set that includes Peter & Chris, Stewie & Lois, Brian & Meg, and Stewie and the Time Machine.  The set is not compatible with Legos, which is a shame.I've been surprised by the number of adults that like to construct Lego objects.  I'm sure just as many will enjoy constructing this station wagon.  Really, you can't go wrong giving this as a gift to anybody 5+ years old.
