Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
We have a leap pad 2 and leap pad ultra. The kids also have DS's and more true &#34;gaming&#34; devices as well as access to ipads. They do enjoy the leap pads however and some of the games are a little more unique and different than offered on other systems. My 9 year old was very excited to try out Adventures Sketchers. He played it for about 1.5 hours his first go around, with his sister hovering over his shoulder. They were both laughing out loud and giggling through out. I didn't need to give them any instruction or help them with the game at all. After telling him their time that day was up, I asked what they had thought of the game. Both said it was a lot of fun (which I picked up from the laughing). They have both played it several times since and seem to be getting the same enjoyment out of it each time.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.032636579126119614,0.030339021235704422,0.026899604126811028,0.033875174820423126,0.030657945200800896,0.03036782331764698,0.029299328103661537,0.040110018104314804,0.0297247301787138,0.02945663221180439,0.028414547443389893,0.030923154205083847,0.03190603107213974,0.026617618277668953,0.030730215832591057,0.028073441237211227,0.027072498574852943,0.030529214069247246,0.031032543629407883,0.0303999911993742,0.030518202111124992,0.029191024601459503,0.033136289566755295,0.030834106728434563,0.028793027624487877,0.02701115608215332,0.030005764216184616,0.028072549030184746,0.02830776385962963,0.032211050391197205,0.029256615787744522,0.02925773523747921,0.034338559955358505
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
My daughter is not in the age range for this game but it has kept her interest. She will be 4 in a few months and has a lot of games for her two Leap Pads. She is very intelligent and creative; I figured we would try the game out.It has kept her interest and she has played it sitting next to me. I am shocked at how well she can navigate the &#8216;game&#8217;. Once she completes a level she just beams with joy, I do the same with pride. There is a part of the game you need to create an avatar. For some reason she created a stick figure like avatar. I find it hard to see it when she is playing, think my eyes are getting too old, but she is able to follow along just fine.I am happy with this game. It has a lot to offer creative children. I think it can be for ages below and above the targeted age range. This is one she plays weekly and I like that she can grow into the game.
My kids loved designing their own character and story elements when they first started playing Adventure Sketchers.  The game plays more like a traditional video game with obstacles to jump, coins to collect, levels to complete, and falling to your death.  My older kids loved this, but my 3 year old couldn't manage to push the forward and back buttons, as well as the jump button, so she often needed help jumping up onto something.  The 5-8 age level is definitely correct on this game.There is less educational value in this game.  They aren't going to be learning science or math facts.  They aren't going to be practicing their reading.  It has some creative value as they design their character, record their different character's sayings, and design portions of the game.  But they could be more creative with crayons or pencils and a blank piece of paper.This is primarily just a fun game and I'm okay with that.  My kids like it and not everything has to be educational.
Okay so my boys (5 and 7) are not big into drawing and I have seen games where you have to draw parts of the game before but it didn't grab their attention.  &#34;Adventure Sketchers!&#34; is the exception!  They love this game and honestly I played it longer than I probably should of.  First off you start off the game as a blank character and slowly work your way through creating yourself.  While playing you have to draw and color things to get to the next part, which my boys loved having the freedom to be silly in the game.  I think they felt as if they were creating their own video, which in essence they were.  The game has so much in it that it is really hard to explain, other than to say I can't see a child being disappointed with it.  We have never tried a game so interactive like this one.  Its not really educational in the sense of math, science or geography but it does have reading in it and requires creative thinking.  Kids need to make decisions, solve problems and be creative to pass this game - so its educational but its not if that makes sense.  More like an older kid game rather than a typical educational Leapfrog game, not that it is inappropriate for kids or anything.  I recommend it for any parent looking for a game to broaden their child's horizons and get them back on their Leappads!
My daughters are in 1st and 2nd grade and I was worried that they would be too old for this game but they absolutely love it!  We have about 15 different LeapPad games and they have been asking for this one regularly when they play.  I see them in the corner recording cute phrases that's played back to them during the game.  They also draw the characters that are used in the adventures.  It allows for creativity which my daughters love.  If your kids like the Mr. Pencil game or enjoy free hand drawing this is the game for them.
My eight year old loves this game.  She loves arts and crafts and is often found writing stories - so, this was right up her ally.  You get to draw a character.  My daughter created a purple dog!  You also record sounds or your voice through the game.  My daughter loves how you can interact with the story.  This game is a new favorite!
First of all, I want to say that we love LeapFrog products. Almost everything we have ever gotten from LeapFrog has been fantastic, from videos to the LeapPads and games. I highly recommend them as a brand if you've not taken the plunge to get the LeapPad yet.The quality of Leapfrog products are great and I just love that my kids are actually learning and being creative while having a good time playing with their LeapPad.The Creativity Learning Game Adventure Sketchers is a draw, play and create game. It teaches creating with technology which nowadays is becoming a must learned skill for children. It spurs art and drawing while having a storytelling theme. My boys love the storytelling aspect of it. They love being able to decide which elements they want to include in their story. I think their favorite part is being able to record sounds and their own voices to incorporate into the story.It's creative but even better, they have a ball while doing it. While they are learning and being creative, they are still having a good time because it's still a video game which they like.
My son is 6 1/2 and loves drawing and coloring so I thought he'd really enjoy this game.  When it arrived, I took a look at it and saw that it kind of has an old arcade game feel which was another bonus because he loves things like Mario and Sonic.  The user is more or less on a quest to find the Pen of Power and pages from the Book of Wonder along with creating a hero character and a story.  It couldn't have been more up his alley, plus he was the perfect age for it.  Yet, at the end of the day, there was something about it that didn't hold his interest at all.  He played with it for about an hour and hasn't picked it up since.  I did go ahead and give it four stars because it is different and unique compared to other LeapPad games and seemed like a great idea.  Not sure why it didn't catch the attention of my son.
We have a leap pad 2 and leap pad ultra. The kids also have DS's and more true &#34;gaming&#34; devices as well as access to ipads. They do enjoy the leap pads however and some of the games are a little more unique and different than offered on other systems. My 9 year old was very excited to try out Adventures Sketchers. He played it for about 1.5 hours his first go around, with his sister hovering over his shoulder. They were both laughing out loud and giggling through out. I didn't need to give them any instruction or help them with the game at all. After telling him their time that day was up, I asked what they had thought of the game. Both said it was a lot of fun (which I picked up from the laughing). They have both played it several times since and seem to be getting the same enjoyment out of it each time.
It says for older kids but my 3 yr old loves it and will play for 30 minutes at a time which is no easy task!
My first grader enjoys this game. He reports that the point of the game is to go around saving people and defeating villains. You save people by collecting keys and bringing them to unlock the cages. You also have to do drawings as you go along, a magic pen tells you what to draw and then you do it. His criticism of the game is that the drawings are done in layers, and if you need to erase something it erases through all the layers you have done, making you have to go back and fix them all before continuing. A lot of LeapPad games have been too easy for him lately so I am glad this one is giving him a bit of a challenge :)
My 4.5 year old loves this game. He does not like to write and draw on paper, but he loves writing and drawing on his leappad and the Adventure sketchers game seems to let him do just that. He likes to customize the character (and then it is animated) and to record his voice. He spands quite a lot of time playing the game.
I have to say first of all that I have never had so much trouble getting a hold of a game to play.  We have plenty of LeapPads and games for them, so I should have been able to get this one free.  But every time I picked the game up to play it, my 5 year-old granddaughter insisted that she would show me what to do and then she would take it back saying, &#8220;Oh, you can&#8217;t do that!  I&#8217;ll do it for you!&#8221;That was the sum total of my experience with playing the game until I pointed out that she had a timer on trying to knock down a totem pole that was shooting cannonballs from three levels at her. All of a sudden she handed it to me and said, &#8220;Your turn.&#8221;This game has a lot of depth to it and it features input of helping devices from the children.  One of the tools my granddaughter drew were marshmallows, which helped her bounce places.  It also has a quest that keeps forward motion going.  It rewards children with praise as they make it past some obstacle or another.  It is all fun and creative.
This game is a fun mix of titles like the Epic Stickman games, platform adventures like the original Mario, and even a little bit of Choose Your Own Adventure books. The kids (4 and 6) were glued to it for hours when it arrived. It prompts you for designs and sounds which can be very entertaining as they are played back in the game. The only thing I didn't like about it was as the jumping sequences got a little more complicated their character &#34;died&#34; a lot and you have to wait for the recorded &#34;aghhh&#34; before you could try again. This was funny the first few times, but got very frustrating after awhile. But overall once you get past this (or if you were smart enough to record a short sound effect), the game is pretty fun with a lot of creativity built in.
My kids have been wanting this game for sometime, and we were thrilled when we had the opportunity to get it. My 5 year old daughter plays it constantly, and still hasn't been able to beat the game. She thoroughly loves art/crafts, so having a game where she could draw her own character, and make other elements throughout the game was a huge plus for her.I've played the game some myself, mostly to help her get past some bad guys/areas that were tricky for her. Overall, it reminds me of a Mario type game, as you gather coins, defeat bad guys, etc. The game is more of a old world, medieval type setting, however.Overall, it does seem like a great game. Of all of the Leapster games I've seen/played, I think I would even enjoy this one more than most of the others. Just a good, solid game that has lots of customization  allowing the kids to always have a different game when they play.
This is a really neat idea for a game, and my son loves it although it is a tad too advanced for him at five since he still can't read. He likes it though, and just requires my help along the way. The involvement of the child's own creativity with game play is amazing for learning and crafting creativity. The game itself reminds me of old school Mario, but of course my five year old does not know that. Very well designed for children I would say six or older or five if they are reading and comprehending directions.
I really like the Adventure Sketchers game because it promotes creativity while giving the entertainment that appeals to kids who like video games.  The combination is pulled together in a way that can keep kids entertained for quite some time so it's a good option for bringing on car trips, keeps them entertained in situations where you get stuck waiting such as appointments, etc.  I do feel it matches with the age recommendation of five to eight years and appeals equally to boys or girls.  Siblings or friends can watch or (depending on the kids) work collaboratively in creating the drawings and sounds that are pulled into the game's storyline.  That's an added skill that can be developed if you have kids that share and get along well enough, otherwise it's fun for parents or others to join in and help and enjoy the fun too.  As much as kids can play this on their own for the most part, I do like to encourage social and cooperative skills along with electronics rather than letting them be strictly solo activities, especially if they are going to play with it for longer periods of time.  I have been a fan of the leap frog line for years but I have to say that this one is definitely a favorite.
I ordered this for my almost-four-year-old grandson knowing he was at the bottom of the range for value (ages 5 - 9 are stated). He is a bright, interested boy but is just learning to draw and read. Instead of frustrating him, the LeapFrog Adventure Sketchers! Draw, Play, Create Learning Game kept him entertained for longer than we thought it would! He really thought it was cool that he could create an avatar to represent him in gameplay. This is a very empowering learning tool for so many well-reviewed reasons! I would recommend those considering its purchase for younger children like my grandson to not hesitate. The LeapFrog Adventure Sketchers! Draw, Play, Create Learning Game lives up to LeapFrog's reputation. My grandson will learn the various levels, the storytelling capability, the quest-like game, as he grows and matures, so I expect him to get several years of fun out of this learning software - then it will be time, when he outgrows it, to pass it on to his little sister for more learning fun.
My son has several leapfrog games and this has been one of his favorites. He happened to receive it while he was sick and it provided hours of entertaining playtime. It's somewhat typical video game play, with castles,  adventures, hopping on bad guys to defeat them, et cetera. But the fact that you can design  your character, draw certain elements and record voices clips means kids are interacting creatively.Content is gender neutral and age appropriate (monsters are mild and defeating them means disappearing rather than violence and gore.) Failing at a puzzle or loosing too much health sets you back with chances to try again. The recommended age range of 5-8 years seems about right. My son is a few months shy of being five. He caught on to game play pretty well, but a couple of parts were challenging enough that he needed help at first.
My 5-year old granddaughters love to draw, so I thought this would be a good game for them. They enjoyed it very much. They played it a lot and had lots of fun, and then they got a chance to express themselves. Recommended.
We've had a hard time finding a game for my daughter's Leap Pad that has held her interest more than the iPads we have around.  This one not only was fun for her (at 5 years), but it caused my son to trade his iPad for a chance to play this game.It's like an old school Mario Brothers game in that you're using the arrow pad to move forward and back and able to jump, but you also get to CUSTOMIZE your game.  What would you like your character to look like?  What would you like him/her to say when a level is completed?  It's definitely a fun spin on a basic game.The only negatives that I've seen is that if you want to change your character/sound/etc, the old one is deleted.  Also, the game is short-- my son was able to completely beat it in a few days, though he can go back and do more in each level.  But he's kind of lost interest in it for now.
At first it looks like the typical platform game: go left/right, jump over this, avoid that. That in itself is OK in this game. But the thing that makes it stand out is the fact that you can customize various aspects of the game. You can draw, decorate and name your character. You can add silly sound effects, etc. Younger kids can follow the in-game instructions for such customizations but my kids enjoyed &#34;getting out of the box&#34; and doing things their way.All in all, a fun game and the customizations give it just that extra bit.
My daughter loves drawing and being creative, this allows her to do that. It is for kids ages 5 to 8 and is very age appropriate.
Good for seven-eight year olds!  This is a good game for the leap pad for older kids.  Most of the time our older child wants to play on the tablet.  The games for the leap pad just don't seem to occupy for very long.  This one, however, lives up to the 4-7 year old label.  Activities that draw the attention for longer than 10 minutes; material that lasts for longer than an hour for an active, aware child in 2nd or 3rd grade.  Granted very few games/programs for the computer have much to teach children beyond 3-4 years old.  And this is no exception.  But it is fun and interesting and keeps the older child occupied.  If you're looking for real learning try Khan Academy.  But if you want fun, cool graphics, and interactive drawing, this is a game that works well.
This game is for the older kids so my 4 year old needed a little help with it at times.  My 9 year old was more than willing to help.  This game offered hours and hours fo fun.  My kids love the ability to create, draw and on top of that play with things within the game!!!  This is definitely a great addition to their LeapPad games.
All 3 of my kids have been using this since it came in the mail. They are 3, 5 and 8 but they have all found this game engaging. It's literally kept them occupied for hours and hours as they take turns passing it back and forth and collaborating with each other on various ideas. Although it's recommended for ages 5 - 8, my 3.5 year old still found plenty to do with it.Compared to some other creativity games we've gotten for them, this one seems to have held their attention a little longer.
We love LeapFrog stuff at our house. My four-year-old tried out this game and really enjoyed it. It took him a few tries to get the hang of it (he's technically a year younger than they're recommended age of 5-8), but now he's gotten used to it and be able to follow the directions. It helps teach some basic drawing skills (there's some tracing, etc.) and it helps foster creativity. It's a hit at our house.
LeapFrog Adventure Sketchers! Draw, Play, Create Learning Game is recommended for ages 5-8 years and older or more specifically grades  k-2nd Grade.  This includes 4 different games which teach your child art & drawing skills as well as  creative expression, storytelling, story elements and story sequence.My daughter loves to color and really enjoys the story telling elements of the game. This is a great game for any child who is creative and also enjoys expressing themselves through art or stories. 5 out of 5, way to go LeapFrog!Update: This game will work on all Leappad systems (including Leappad Original, 2 and Ultra) and will also work on the Leappad Explorer system.
Leapfrog just can't make a bad product. This pack is loaded with all sorts of creative things to keep a toddler busy. Our little guy is almost 3 and even though he isn't clear on all the directions he still finds a lot of things to do to make him happy. I'm guessing this pack will be one he grows into and discovers more and more to do with it as his talents increase and he gets older.
I played this game with my son for one and a half levels to qualify myself to write this review.  He is four and a half years old, plus you have me as a &#34;grown-up&#34;, with our perspectives.  First, I will say that this game is better for an older child - or at least a kid with really good hand-eye coordination.  Since we keep our kid away from tablets and phones, aside from the LeapPad, he isn't the best at &#34;dragging and dropping&#34;.  He also is a bit behind on drawing, especially staying within lines.  So, given that, he found the game challenging and calls it &#34;the hard game&#34;.  However, he enjoyed playing the game together, with me helping out from time to time.  With his small hands, he struggles to both operate the &#34;A/B&#34; buttons and the directional buttons in all games.  Ok, that aside, let me describe the game.It is an adventure game with a lot of creativity incorporated.  The main game is very much like Super Mario Brothers, with jumping on platforms, jumping on top of bad guys, and getting keys to open cages to save the good guys.  How it's different is that you have opportunities to add your own flavors.  At certain points, you can record your voice as part of the story, making up whatever you want to say within the context of the situation.  At other points, you can draw things that then become part of your game.  As an example, there are &#34;hearts&#34; you can pick up to get lives.  You get to free-form the look of your hearts.  Later on, you design the &#34;lightning flowers&#34;.  For this exercise, you are led to trace the design of a flower, step by step, and then adding your own colored decorations.  Finally, there are coloring exercises where you color in, say, a car, before you can drive it.  You dont' have to do any particular colors - just pick whatever you like - as long as you put your stamp on it.  I really like the concept here, where kids get to have their own creativity.  As a kid, I had several games that let you &#34;build your own game&#34; and I always loved them, because they make you feel powerful and creativity.I really like how Leapfrog's games keep it easy enough for a kid to enjoy.  You never really &#34;die&#34; - if you run out of lives, you are disabled for a moment and you may not get a trophy for getting through the level with all your lives intact, but you don't have to start over.  You can't fall off platforms and &#34;die&#34;.  It is a good entry point for video-game playing.  When I had to play the Atari 2600 as a kid, it was so difficult to learn how to use the controller and play games because they were designed for adults, so I appreciate that these games are made easier for kids to get a foot in the door.  (We're gamers, so we want him to learn to play games with us!)I really see my kid growing into this game over time, and it seems to have long-term appeal.
I got this LeapFrog game for my almost 4 year old daughter.  Through trial and error, I have finally figured out that when LeapFrog puts an age recommendation on a game, it is almost always correct.  This particular game is recommended for ages 5 to 8 years, and it is just a little too difficult for my daughter at her current stage of development.  I am putting this away for a few months, at which point I'll let her try it again.We have both a LeapPad Ultra and a LeapPad2, and this played equally well on both devices.  I played the game myself, and it seems very interactive and creative.  I can definitely see how this would keep a child occupied on a long car ride.  Unless your child is quite advanced for their age though, I'd suggest to pay attention to the minimum age recommendation of 5 years old.
I tried this with my 4 year old toy tester and he had some problems, but was fine as long as I sat there with him. It is a lot like Epic Stickman Adventure!  Lots of scenarios and problem solving!  I then passed the game to a 5 and 7 year old and they were sucked in for a long time!  It's a favorite!
At a high level, this game is a very basic side scrolling type of adventure. Run to the right, jump, find this, unlock that, etc. etc. But when you really dive in, the game is so much more. Kids get to record things for their character to say, draw platforms and tools for their character to jump on and use. It's really a nice way for kids to use creativity and ingenuity and play a really fun game at the same time.My daughter is a few months shy of 6 years old and it took her a bit to get the hang of it, but once she did, she loved it. I would definitely say that the age range of the game is just about perfect. I wouldn't buy it for a child under the age of 5. I can still see it being fun for kids older than 8, however.
This is really quite a creative game. Although there aren't a ton of levels, the game can be played again and again since the elements can be changed. Kids are able to speak the words their character will say, draw things like platforms, and even draw the main character. These changes are saved and continue on subsequent levels.Unlike a lot of LeapFrog games, this one is more of a standard video game, where play moves in 2D on the screen (often from left to right). There is an A button on the screen for jumping, and a B button that can be used for fire when a lightning flower is collected. The standard game play is a really nice touch since it doesn't seem as educational this way, and the content is not as repetitive as some LeapFrog games can be.There's just one negative thing I can say about the game. The character can't be moved when narration is going on, BUT the bad guys can keep on attacking the character. So, basically, the player can be stuck listening to instructions while a bad guy completely drains their energy. During play, it's really important to keep jumping on the baddies in order to make sure they can't come back at you when you least expect it. I doubt this was intended in the game, and it's just a small issue that is easily avoided.This game is really enjoyable, and I think would appeal a lot to kids who love to draw and create. It will make them feel like they're actually helping to create a video game.
