Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
Admittedly, my family and I will most likely have more fun with this game in a few years. Our oldest is (a delayed) 5, so we don't overly play it by the rules right now.The point of the game is pretty much to find a card that you've been dealt to match the &#34;description&#34; card. (Which card shows &#34;unhappy&#34;?) Sometimes this requires great debating skills to be picked the winner by the &#34;judge&#34;. The winner gets a green card, and these determine the winner. (I think getting 5 wins the game.)For us right now, the game is a great way to help my children learn expressions and to use their imagination(though my oldest has already been blessed with an abundance). ;) I like that there are so many cards(over 600!), so it will take a little while to get tired of seeing the same old thing.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.06256061047315598,0.06169964745640755,0.06395991891622543,0.06477982550859451,0.06315768510103226,0.0636543482542038,0.060553815215826035,0.06325963884592056,0.06280798465013504,0.06270996481180191,0.06265193969011307,0.06103458255529404,0.062011830508708954,0.06179546192288399,0.06249750405550003,0.06086525693535805
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
So, I just reviewed the picture game Dixit.  That one is far better than this one.  Where Dixit took the familiar Apples to Apples format and modified it to fit the purpose of the game, this variation of Apples to Apples doesn&#8217;t do enough to make the concept fit correctly, and the pure randomness of the pictures provided make for an awkward game.  We really wanted to introduce this to our daughters, who are too young to play Apples to Apples with us but are always asking to be included.  This was too bizarre for them to comprehend.  The cards are so strange that finding ways to make them fit the emotions on the green cards is very difficult for younger ones.  While Apples to Apples itself thrives on some of the randomness, children tend to take things literally and my daughters were getting extremely frustrated trying to find cards that fit the words they were given.  It sounds like a great concept, but the execution here is lackluster.
We love apples to apples when our friends come over. It's great to have a version you can play with your kids. Ours love the game and with Ticket to Ride it makes for a fun family night once a week. Recommended.
I read in the instructions that this game was mostly about the conversation with the judges. As a first time player I wasn't sure what to expect. After playing with my wife and kids I now understand better! This can be a very fun game.If you've never played before it's pretty simple: you all have five cards and take turns as a judge. The judge plays a green card with a word on it. You select the card from your hand that best exemplifies the card and place it face down. All the cards are shuffled and the judge checks out what people said were the best cards for the word. The judge then picks the card they like best. During the judging it is your job to lobby for certain cards to be selected (your card for instance). And this is the weakest part of the game in my opinion. It becomes clear quickly who selected which card. So I don't understand why we place them facedown and shuffle.Overall, this is a fun word association game with some really funny pictures. It is playable with anyone who can read or can partner with someone who can read. I consider it a kid/ family game rather than an adult party game.
Admittedly, my family and I will most likely have more fun with this game in a few years. Our oldest is (a delayed) 5, so we don't overly play it by the rules right now.The point of the game is pretty much to find a card that you've been dealt to match the &#34;description&#34; card. (Which card shows &#34;unhappy&#34;?) Sometimes this requires great debating skills to be picked the winner by the &#34;judge&#34;. The winner gets a green card, and these determine the winner. (I think getting 5 wins the game.)For us right now, the game is a great way to help my children learn expressions and to use their imagination(though my oldest has already been blessed with an abundance). ;) I like that there are so many cards(over 600!), so it will take a little while to get tired of seeing the same old thing.
"We weren't sure what to expect from this new iteration of Apples to Apples. We already own the basic (word-based) version. We enjoy it but don't play it THAT often. I was concerned that this new ""picture-based"" version might just be geared for young pre-reading kids.OK - so accessibility to pre-reading kids is certainly a plus. However, all ages, including adults, will love this new version. The pictures are so funny, so wacky. We never stopped laughing, and didn't want to stop playing (we were up WAY too late on a school night!) ""Big Picture"" is a huge improvement to the ""Apples to Apples"" franchise, and well worth adding to your game collection!  We are planning to invite some other families over for a ""Big Pictures Apples To Apples"" Game - definitely the more the merrier.I should add that our daughter is almost 11. She has a fantastic vocabulary but did not find this game ""babyish"" at all - she loved it and can't wait to play again (same here!)"
"Big Picture Apples to Apples is a truly fun game, perfect fo a family game night, or for playing with a group of friends. Big Picture consists of hundreds of little photo cards, about the size of a standard playing card. Each card has a random photo; a lion yawning, a kid in clown make-up, a tangled bunch of Christmas lights etc. There is also a deck of ""word"" cards, and on each of these cards are two words or phrases to choose from; Scary or Out of Control, Stinky or Relaxing, etc.First everyone draws 5 picture cards. Each round a player is made ""Judge"", this player then chooses one of the two words on the word card, and the remaining players must look through their 5 picture cards and select the picture they think best represents the word the judge has chosen.The Judge then shuffles through the cards and lays them out one at a time, and the player whose card is displayed must make their case for why the picture chosen best matches the chosen word. This is the heart of the game, as players plead their case to the judge, you can't help but crack up as some of the stuff people come up with.The judge then awards the word card to the player they deem had the winning picture and case. The game continues with each player taking a turn as the judge, and continues until one player wins 4 word cards.This game is sure to get people talking and laughing, and it's very easy to learn and begin playing right out of the box."
I am sure most of you have plays apples to apples; We have always enjoyed the funny, sometime quirky connections between different phrases on these cards. This version has pictures and therefore even smaller kids that cannot read can play the game. Another positive is the even wider variety of options the pictures give you in terms of interpretation. So you get even more quirky and funny 'similar cards' played by various players. A good variation!
I love Apples to Apples and Cards Against Humanity an my eight year old loves card games such as Dix-it and Apples to Apples (though sometimes she doesn't understand all the words).  This is a great version for the kids.  Not only was it more age appropriate, she found herself learning new words all night long!  Which, as an English Major, couldn't make me more proud!The green cards that are included have two words to choose from on your turn, along with three more words that help describe that word.  The red cards all have pictures.  So, for example, you draw a card that says Fearless; brave, courageous, heroic, on one side, and Sweet-Smelling; fragrant, aromatic, perfumed, on the other side.  Then everyone plays a picture card to represent the word chosen, let's say Fearless.  Someone plays a card with a baseball catcher and another of a King, fearless sports player, fearless leader.  Then whoever chose the word for the round picks their favorite card/definition.The two things I thought need improvement.#1. Cardstock.  The cardstock reminds me, simply put, of sticker cards that you peel the cards off for a sticker book.  Okay maybe that isn't so simple.  They aren't very solid, they bend easily, and this is for a KIDS game.  My eight year old had bent all her cards, not on purpose, after one round.  Just mildly, but still.  The cardstock they use in the regular Apples to Apples is higher quality, and this is the KIDS version, they need the most durable cardstock known to mankind!  Just saying.#2. Picture quality.  The pictures are not the best, fairly plain, and most can't be used for a huge variation of words like you would assume with a game such as this.  I would love to see better pictures available, granted I'm not expecting quite the art of Dix-it, but something better than the basic, boring pictures here.All in all though, the game itself is solid.  It says 4 players and up but me and my daughter were able to create our own little two player version for when it's just us.  I still recommend it!
We loved the original Apples to Apples and were excited to try this version.  While it is still a great game and a great game concept, this is geared to a  younger audience.  When we played with our son and nephew, my 12 yr old son was bored with it but my nephew who is 9 loved it.  It uses pictures and it moves very quickly which would appeal to a younger audience.  Overall another great game , but not so much for a pre teen............ I should just be thankful he wants to play games at all with his parents.
This is an interesting card game that relies heavily on the player's ability to advocate why their particular card is the best choice for a given word.  It leads to a lot of fun debate and creative arguments.  While there is an anonymizing step so that it isn't clear who has what card, it isn't really effective in practice.  With only a few players, playing favorites can be a problem. With some groups it should work fine with others it may lead to tears.The artwork on the cards is pretty good and has lots of variety.  On the other hand, the cards themselves are a bit flimsy.Overall, this is a game that inspires creativity and can be a great deal of fun, but it needs the right set of players in order to do it.
"Having played the originalApples to Apples Party Box - The Game of Crazy Combinations (Family Edition)and enjoyed it, I figured this game was sure to be a winner, as well. As it turns out, it really isn't as fun as the original. While the original game was based on word association, this game is based on picture-word association. Every player holds in their hand a set of five cards with photos (with a few exceptions) on them. The""judge"" for the round draws a word card and reads it aloud. For instance, the word of the round may be ""silent."" Each other player looks at the cards in their hand and selects the card with a photo on it that seems most like the word ""silent."" The cards are passed over to the judge, face-down, and then shuffled and turned over. The judge looks at the cards and picks the one that, to him/her/ best represents the word ""silent."" The player who owned that particular card scores a point and keeps the word card with the word ""silent"" on it. Play continues in this fashion until one player has accumulated four cards (or more or less, depending on the length of time you want to play this game). At that point, that player is declared the winner.This is a fairly quick, family-friendly game that is easy to learn and can be played by and person that is able to read the words on the cards. Because some vocabulary skills are required for this game, the manufacturer recommends players be ages 7 or higher, though I believe most children in first grade could probably handle this game and enjoy it. There really isn't much skill or strategy involved in this game, so the atmosphere is pretty non-competitive.As I already mentioned, I enjoy the original Apples to Apples game more than this one, and if I were to recommend the best picture-word association game I have ever played, it would have to go withDixit. Dixit is more fun than this game and lacks some of the foibles that this game has. This game is OK, but a few changes could make it better. I was not a fan of the quality or size of the cards in this game. I felt that the cards were too small and flimsy. After one full game of play with my family and some neighbors, several of the cards would no longer lie flat. The cards should have been printed on some better quality paper. Also, the cards are a bit difficult to hold and /or shuffle due to their smaller size. If the cards would have been at least the size of playing deck cards, this would have been remedied.This is a good game with some decent re-playability that most families can easily play together. However, there are some weaknesses in the game that will hopefully be rectified if the game gets a revised edition."
That old saying of, &#34;A picture is worth a thousand words...&#34; is exactly true for this new refreshing game.  If you play the same games all the time and want something new, then this is for you.  Apples to Apples is a family game for ages 7 and up to 100.  It takes 4-8 players and can average 30 minutes a game.  The person who is the judge will really determine the amount of fun that can be had with this game. If the judge is funny...the game will be wild, loose, and funny.  If the judge is literal...the game may be too serious and not as much fun.This is a game that can allow you to be creative.  Old and tired eyes will have no problem seeing the big picture.  The instructions are easy to read and apply.  Have fun!
Most simple, great ideas are ruined by embellishment.  At the risk of overstatement, &#34;Apples to Apples&#34; is a simple, great game - the exercise of drawing comparisons may be the most natural conversation-starter out there.  Our family has enjoyed the Disney spin-off of that idea, but I confess that the &#34;Big Picture&#34; version may be even more family friendly.  Our kids range from ages 3 to 10, and even my three-year old can get into this version of the game.  These pictures are funny, intriguing, and often bizarre enough to spark laughter and conversation - which is the ultimate purpose of the game.Nice work, folks!
I heard Apples to Apples plays like Cards Against Humanity, soI wanted to learn on this first.  It is a fun game and great for family and hilarious too.
I enjoy Apples to Apples and this is our fourth version.  The one who really enjoys it the most is our 9 year old.  She always asks to play this particular game.  I wish the box fit on our bookshelf like the Disney Apples to Apples we got for Christmas but that's my only complaint.  The pictures are fun, cute, entertaining and like the old quote &#34; A picture is worth a thousand words.&#34;
This game is a lot of fun and great for families.  The game suggests that children 7+ would like the game, but I would recommend playing it with older children.  As reviewers explained, some of the cards are more appropriate for teenagers and older children.  Also, all the players need to have a good command of vocabulary in order to match words and pictures.  Some reviewers say that word matching helps their children learn words, but I'm not sure that most children would intellectually benefit from this game.  It seems more appropriate for families or groups with mix of older children and adults.
