Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
Simple concept, ready to play without having to digest over and over the rules.  Chosen card lays out the design, e.g., an L- shape.  Players then take turns bouncing their ping-pong sized plastic balls into the tray trying to match the design.There aren't a lot of designs, but no matter, one can make up their own.  We sit fairly close to the board with our kids, and the game goes pretty fast.  Not that exciting, it's a bit mindless, but the kids play it more than we do.  I enjoy ping-pong much better.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.16834501922130585,0.16654211282730103,0.17649434506893158,0.16843262314796448,0.1516251116991043,0.16856084764003754
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
My kids aged 11 & 14 played this game a lot and they really like it. My 11 year old preferred to create her own patterns to bounce the balls into, compared to just using the cards that come with the game. She said some of the cards were easy but she didn't like all of them so she made up her own. My 14 year old said it's fun and she liked it as it was challenging in some areas.My hubby said it reminded him of a drinking game, so this might be popular for the young adult ages as well.To play, you bounce the ball on a hard surface to try to get it to land in a small circle in the tray in a pattern that is indicated on a card. The first person to complete the pattern wins. Two to four people can play. There are only two colors of balls.
OK game, fun for the whole family.  The instructions are easy, think beer pong but a family version.  As you can expect, the materials are plastic and ping pongs.  My kids really enjoy playing, it doesn't do much for me, but is fun to watch them play.I am not sure about the instruction to trash talk your opponent, but I didn't check the age range for this game.  When playing for family fun, we skip that step.We intend to bring this game camping for the kids and maybe for the adults when someone has had a few to drink, it might be promising.
Simple concept, ready to play without having to digest over and over the rules.  Chosen card lays out the design, e.g., an L- shape.  Players then take turns bouncing their ping-pong sized plastic balls into the tray trying to match the design.There aren't a lot of designs, but no matter, one can make up their own.  We sit fairly close to the board with our kids, and the game goes pretty fast.  Not that exciting, it's a bit mindless, but the kids play it more than we do.  I enjoy ping-pong much better.
It's fancy beer pong.  Re-playability is low, and I wasn't happy with balls flying all over my house, but the young adults liked it well enough. Maybe I'm just too old.  ;-)
I applaud Mattel's marketing department for trying to make this embarrassingly simple game seem ~t0t@LLy @w3s0m3~ but ultimately it is exactly what you think it is: ping pong balls and a connect four board.The concept is as follows: you draw a card with a pattern on it. You try to create the pattern by bouncing balls into the grid. The first one to land the pattern wins. Yay!As is the case when you intentionally bounce ping pong balls, they have a tendency to go everywhere. Unlike actual Connect Four, you will be spending 90% of the time chasing after the rouge balls. Expert ball bouncers may find the game slightly more rewarding if they are consistently able to keep the balls on the board.I will offer some praise to the grid itself, which does have a fairly high success rate at landing the ball into a slot. As long as you don't hit one of the separator pegs (which is very likely) the ping pong ball will land easily into place. It's also a game that is easy to learn and teaches some skills that may translate to a higher Angry Birds score.According to the box, this game allows up to 4 players. I'm assuming if you have 4 players it has to be teams of two, however, because otherwise the game would be impossible (there are only two colors of balls and some patterns require 5-balls to complete).OVERALL: This game is exactly as fun as you would expect, or probably less than you would expect. The game of throwing balls into grids is not original. I've seen the game at fairs and amusement parks plenty of times. The difference, however, is the size of the board. If the board were twice as large or even larger, it would be significantly more exciting and would reduce the likelihood of the ball going wild across the room. Ultimately Bounce Off is one of those games that will be played with for approximately 30 minutes and then hidden away in the dark corners of a closet for many years until finally being donated to the local Good Will.
You've got to love a game that can make fun of itself.  I expected the silver sticker to boast of the parenting or other awards won by the game.  However, it simply states &#34;Winner of Absolutely No Awards. But Who Cares?&#34;  Most importantly, I enjoyed playing the game even more than I liked its packaging.The game can be played by 2 to 4 players.  It's intended for ages 7+ and that age seems appropriate.  Probably, though, 7 is at the lower end of the target age range.  Kids 9+ years old probably enjoy it the most.The game is rather simplistic and moves fast.  It's based mostly on luck but a little bit of skill is required.  To play, a player picks a card.  Each card includes a challenge.  The card has a picture of balls in a configuration that the player who chose the card tries to get.  To match the correct configuration, the player has to bounce the ball and hope it lands in the right spot.It's a fun game, good for families and children with a wide age range, and a nice addition to any game collection.
