Top question:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Top review:
My 7 year-old girls loved creating their own flowered picture frame with this set. They love anything crafty, but especially anything decorative.Unlike regular Play Doh, this DohVinci Doh involves a set of tubes of dough that hardens overnight to make permanent crafts. With this set, kids pop out cardboard flowers and decorate them, and then attach the flowers to the photo frame. The tubes go into a plastic &#34;gun&#34; which works a little like a glue-gun.My girls were able to make something dimensional, colorful, and fun. I'll have to get them some refills with other projects to do because they loved this.

Question attention weights:
1.0
Review attention weights:
0.10869679600000381,0.11404585093259811,0.11179270595312119,0.11211121827363968,0.1087309718132019,0.11476963013410568,0.11148326843976974,0.10913579910993576,0.10923382639884949
Questions:
What kind of batteries does it use?  Would this be good on an airplane? Or better to get the travel version?  what is size of this toy?  can you charge the ipad while it's in the case?  What is the difference between InnoTab 2 and InnoTab 2"s"  What is "Frustration Free Packaging"?  Do Baby Stella outfits fit these dolls?  How tall is it?  Can you turn the sound off?  do you have to have a i pad ?  Is there black chalk?  are the wheels plastic?  Do hot wheels cars work on this track?  how big is it?  Does this work with the ipad mini?  For what ages?  Can I order more balloons on Amazon to come with the game? How? Thanks!  does it come with any cargo cars or just Thomas engine?  are there any cargo cars you can buy separately that Thomas can pull?  does it use touch screen? 
Reviews:
This is a great craft boredom buster, but be prepared to have more doh on hand, as once the kids get started, they will want to create MORE and more items! I did have to jelp my 7 yr old with the set up and getting the styler started. Her main complaint was that she needed MORE colors and more tips with different tips, like my icing ones (which of course elicited the 'no you can NOT use my cake tips in the styler' conversation!). It's a cute idea, but I would recommend getting an extra pack of colors to go with it, if you are giving it as a gift. I'd also try to catch ot and the colors on sale, as I think it is a little high for the little amount you get.
I bought this for my kids because they are obsessed with play-doh. I thought that this might be a nice change from the usually rolling out the doh and using a cookie cutter. The gun was really easy to use. And that was probably the only good thing about it. The doh doesn't stick to the picture frame at all. No matter how careful you are, the designs just don't come out right. There isn't enough doh to complete the whole project. It doesn't dry overnight like it's supposed to. Pieces were just falling off. I was just very disappointed with the whole thing.
My 6 year old played with this for about 15 minutes before the frame broke.  She also could not get the play doh out of the gun to draw without my help.  This wasn't a good experience.
"I guess I didn't really know what this product would be when I selected it, but I was sure disappointed when we opened it.  There are four tubes of ""Deco Pop"" (basically, Play-doh in a tube) that are perhaps slightly larger than lipstick tubes.  When you remove the caps, each tube has a small opening.  There is a ""styler"" that looks vaguely like a hot glue gun.  You put the Deco Pop tube in the styler, push the trigger, which pushes the base of the Deco Pop tube, which in turn extrudes the colored dough.The dough is meant to be extruded onto the picture frame pieces included in the set (there are about five separate pieces).  There are color coded dotted lines, curly-cues, flowers and other designs that your child is supposed to follow, so there is zero creativity involved.  Extruding the dough over all the lines will take your child about 15 minutes.  Then they can assemble it into a picture frame.  The dough is supposed to harden on the cardboard picture frame for permanent use.  Done.  Fun is over (unless, of course, you want to spring for more Deco Pop tubes, but for the price of this 15 minutes of fun, it's not something I'd recommend).The only good thing for me is that I didn't spend my own money on this.  I recommend that you not spend yours either."
The DohVinci Flower Tower Complete Frame Kit is a craft meant to create a lasting memento for the creator. It is nice that Playdoh has found a way to make their creations last. At our house, the DohVinci Flower Tower was used by a 9 year old (It is recommended for ages 6 and up).Positives: The applicator is fun for the kid to use, the deco tubes are easy to utilize with the applicator and the frame is sturdy cardboard that punches out easily for assembly. The Playdoh also dries nicely and stays put when you put the pictures in and display the frame.Neutral: The design on the frame is outlined for the child to follow, which will be fine for some and might be a bit boring for others. In this case the child was happy to follow the printed design to create the frame. Also, the provided Playdoh amount is just enough for the project. A younger child might need assistance to make sure the cover the whole design if they have a &#34;heavy hand&#34; with using the Play doh tubes.Overall, this is a fun craft that takes under a half-hour but keeps the child happily occupied and the finished flower tower frame is something they will like having up in their room. I'd recommend it for the 6-10 years old group, beyond that, I think they'd be expecting a bit more in terms of creativity and time with the product.
My 7 year-old girls loved creating their own flowered picture frame with this set. They love anything crafty, but especially anything decorative.Unlike regular Play Doh, this DohVinci Doh involves a set of tubes of dough that hardens overnight to make permanent crafts. With this set, kids pop out cardboard flowers and decorate them, and then attach the flowers to the photo frame. The tubes go into a plastic &#34;gun&#34; which works a little like a glue-gun.My girls were able to make something dimensional, colorful, and fun. I'll have to get them some refills with other projects to do because they loved this.
A big mess.I can't even &#34;draw&#34; with a glue gun, why should I expect my child to be able to do it with any precision, especially with play-doh that doesn't dry.This concept is just bizarre. You decorate with play-doh. I thought maybe it was something different, that will dry and become decorative.Nope. Dries just like play-doh.She enjoyed playing with it, but became frustrated as it fell off, or didn't dry. Then the frame kept falling. It wouldn't stand up well. Something different - A for effort, just failed on delivery.
It look interesting and fun in the beginning but my granddaughter became quickly frustrated. The tower is flimsy and awkward to use. The entire project was hard to use especially trying to squeeze the tubes needing two hands and more likely three. I don't like to give bad reviews but in all honesty I am being generous by giving the DohVinci Flower Tower one star. Disappointed.
I may be in the minority here, but I was disappointed with the DohVinci Flower Tower Complete Frame Kit.  Insert the nifty tube into dispenser and with two hands, a 7 year old was able to squeeze it out.  The deco doh doesn't stick to the frame. The kids began just squeezing it out and pushing it onto the frame. The frame...wobbly when standing...picture opening is very small.  This purchase will give you, at best, 30 minutes of playtime.
